i already owned a ps4 but i was thinking of investing in a 4k television. i put my original ps4 in the living room and ps4 pro in my gaming room so now me and my girlfriend can play multiplayer which is cool on its on but the ps4 was great anyway and now it is a little better.
bought as a christmas gift for my husband. after 2 years of seldom use, got a “wo not read disc + gear like noise when disc is loaded” issue. tried searching on the internet, and found many posts/videos about this issue. unfortunately, all of the quick solutions posted did work on my ps4. so, what we got now is a useless device collecting dust on the stand.  will still decide if it worth the cost of sending it to be fixed. sad...
i have not been able to take full advantage of the 4k capabilities yet on the pro, but that is only because the limited number of games that are out that carry this capability. i assume the number of those games will only increase, investment for the future! my main reason for the purchase was for more storage space for gaming since my old ps4 was getting full. also for the new scuf ps4 pro controller i invested in. so you may say its like buying a 4k tv, there is not a lot of content to play at 4k but its an investment for when they do come out with more content. i would recommend for anyone who needs more storage space for all the games you have completed and do not want to have to delete them to make space for new games!
it is the best gaming console you can buy hands down. there are so many options for games and then the added exclusives.   there are also plenty of other options for applications within the system.   some people say not having the ability to play 4k movies sucks but you really do not want to use you console for anything other than gaming. but that is just my opinion
i really only bought this console to play gran turismo sport, which was pulled a few days before it was to be released, and no man is sky.    the console is great! i am a bit disappointed by the sony ecosystem though. so many games have added "play", but you need to be connected to the ps network, which is a monthly fee. also, the disc loader is surprisingly noisy compared to my macbook.
honestly, unless you are a new customer or replacing your broken ps4, i would not recommend just upgrading to the ps4 pro, unless you have a 4k tv, but since the ps4 is not true 4k, it is really a conditional purchase. i bought it as a replacement unit. got a nice deal on a 4k tv so i got the ps4 pro...waiting for a game to impress me with the pro.
i bought this initially to play final fantasy xv in hdr and it looks great on my oled tv. it is sad to note though that the hbo go app does not support surround sound and only 2.0 stereo. i also found out recently that dragon quest heroes is also only in stereo. final fantasy xv was in surround sound and it sounded awesome, if not one of the best surround sound video games in my memory.
so far i really have not found many examples of what makes the ps4 pro better than the standard ps4. as sony said themselves, ps4 pro accounts for 1 in every 5 ps4 consoles sold this year. it is just unfortunate that more companies have not started to take advantage of it is extra capabilities. hopefully in the coming year we will see more.
i would have to say the playstation works fine the only problem i had was with the controller it came with damage but since i ca not have any throw out the box that was not and i can do so i decided just to purchase a new control instead but other than that i have not had any issues
this console is pretty good. i cannot compare it to the xbox one x since i have not used that one but will say the fact that it has more games than it, makes it better in my book. i used to love my xbox but had to move on to ps4 because of the lack of games coming out.
picked this one for the 2nd time due to getting another newer 4k hdr tv for my basement. i love the playstation brand and have for 25 years. they have the best exclusive games for their system. only wish the pro systems played 4k movies like the xbox one s/x.
all my son wanted for christmas was a ps4 pro....he said he prefers it over the latest x-box....according to him the graphics are way better,and he has this hooked up to his 4k tv....i ordered from bb because i knew i could trust them on truly having a brand new one(some reviews on amazon,says they received returned ones)....was highly impressed by bb lightning fast shipping and packing....unit arrived safe and in time for christmas giving....
this is for my husband to replace his other playstation. i do not play it but i was pleased to know that this does not get overheated like the other one and it does not sound super loud like the other one. it is sleek and slim and everyone seems to enjoy it.
i purchased the first ps4 console when it came out and i have had no problems. i bought the ps4 pro when it first came out and it lasted about 1.5 years but started over heating. even though i am now purchasing my 2 pro console i still love everything about the ps4 pro. i would switch to a xbox but it is hard not being able to be part of the playstation community where every one i know is on the ps4 console.
ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine! i bought this product as a special request by my son and grandson as a gift (since they have same date of birthdays). they said they enjoy playing games and watching 4k movies with this system. it was definitely well worth buying this ps4 pro
i am now the owner of both a launch ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can tell you that in the right tv, the difference is pretty nice. not too noticable, but nice. given the option between the two, i would pay more for the pro if you have a nice tv.
if you do not own a 4k tv then there is no point in getting this. the reason i do not know if it is worth it, because sure some games do look better, but i do not know if it is worth $500. the jump is not that big. just build a high end gaming pc if you want better graphics and high framerate.
we use it to stream tv via ps vue. only downside is charging the remote while needing to use it. the remote ca not charge when tv is off but when it is on then i need it to control tv. i have tried to charge it from the wall or other devices but those options do not seem to have enough power.
i originally bought this to add to my home theater as a 4k player and gaming. i was disappointed to find out after i bought this, that despite the fact it plays games in 4k, it does not support 4k movie playback. i would not recommend this as a 4k gaming system either... just build a pc, its more versatile.
i love my old ps4 but it sounds like a jet engine. can even hear it with headphones on. i even put new thermal paste on heatsink and cut a hole in the bottom and installed a fan grill so fresh air flows into the fan direct. did not help. ps4pro is silent 90 percent of the time. i love that. when it does ramp up it is half the volume of old ps4 and quiets back down quickly. 4k upscale for older games is nice and adds a crispness to the image. only played a few games with enhancements for pro but they run and look great. my friend said psvr games look and run much better on a pro when they get an update.
had games we wanted that we could only play on ps4 so finally broke down and bought one. bought the pro because while we ca not really use the advanced features (and are not going out to buy a new tv just to play a couple of games) all of the reviews said that pro was the way to go if you needed to buy a ps4. works okay so far but only have one game.
it is the pro of ps4 great news is it is better than the pro. it is resale value is more than an xbox so when it is time to upgrade ur holding on to the investment more then xbox. user interface still responds as slow as ps4. it is the only thing that xbox has ps4 beat on. besides that the ps exclusive games are amazing on this console
i upgraded from my launch ps4 to the pro. i could not be happier with the new system. im playing on a sony w900a (1080p) tv and games like battlefield 1 and titanfall 2 look beautiful down sampled to 1080p. both games are extremely sharp and bf1 runs at a smoother frame rate than og ps4. for a $400 box you get great gaming performing that will match a midrange pc. bf1 runs with a dynamic resolution round 1440p-1700p and titanfall 4 runs 1440p at 60 fps. famous first light looks great as well. i just picked up rise of the tomb raider but have not tried it yet. if you are a gamer who values image quality and do not have a gaming pc the ps4 pro is worth it even on a 1080p tv.
in my opinion ps4 blows xbox out of the water. i used to love the 360 but ps4 has way more exclusives the xbox exclusives are garbage. dont waste your money on an xbox 1 x especially, its over priced and for what you pay theres no games out that even take advantage of its hardware.
came in looking to upgrade to the pro, not knowing there were the 2 different versions. the hdr and the 4k. salesmen that helped me knew the difference and was able to break it down for me on which i needed. ended up with the 4k of course!! to go with my just recently purchased sony 4k tv!! (also bought here at my local bestbuy) overall great salesman that sold it to me and amazing product!!
bought this to replace my ps4 slim, works great mainly for the extra usb drive (i use one for my headset, 1 to charge the controller and now one for an external drive). for anyone looking to upgrade from a ps4 if you need something such as the extra usb port or your wifi doesnt work anymore, then i would recommend going with the pro. if you simply want better graphics, i personally cant tell a difference with the games ive played optimized for pro or not. the pro does put out more heat than the slim as well.
i replaced my launch model ps4 with the ps4 pro to help improve game performance and get myself ready for a future upgrade to a 4k tv. the increased hard drive storage space is nice, but the lack of 4k blu-ray support is baffling. it is also worth upgrading for the boost in psvr performance. overall, it is a good console and almost a great one.
i purchased this for my boyfriend and he loves it. i myself do not notice any difference between this and his ps4 ._. but oh well lol it made him happy. i wish i would of spent $50-100 or so more on the vr, that actually looks interesting and worth buying ;p
i have owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro. my main reason for wanting the pro was the extra processing power for the psvr. while it is not significant in certain games (driveclub vr) you definitely can notice it in others (batman).    along with the 1tb hard drive, i definitely think it was worth it for my purposes.
i sold my older ps4 to help get the pro, i cant tell a difference and if i still had my older one i would have returned it. someone who is more into gaming my be able see a difference. i would recommend it if you dont have a ps4 already
finally ps4 pro is out!! if you have a 4k or getting a 4k tv with hdr get ps4 pro. i have a sony tv so i got ps4 pro or else i may think of xbox s 1tb cause it has 4k player! but this ps4 pro was technically way stronger than xbox s for $50 more! if you do not need a 4k player and your are gammer you know ps4 pro is your final destiny!
some issues with running hdr on my samsung tv. after adjusting some settings on the tv it seems fine now. kind of annoyed that the selling point of the ps4 pro is hdr content but the hdmi cable that comes with the console is not certified to transmit hdr. overall i have been happy with the purchase.
i have been an xbox guy ever since the original came out. and, while i still love my xbox one x, there is something crisper about how the ps4 pro renders games and the exclusives are far more interesting. spiderman comes to life on the pro and god of war is absolutely stunning. i had purchased the original ps4 upon release, but the pro feels like a different console altogether. highly recommend it.
i have nintendo consoles and x-box consoles. this playstation console is my favorite. i like the "home screen" layout and ease of use ... simple. some of the nintendo stuff is simply overdone. i am an older gentlemen, so i acknowledge the fact that i should have given up game-playing 25 years ago!! :) so i like the aesthetics of the playstation box ... nice sleek design that does not scream "hey, i am a video game console" ... looks professional. this is probably trivial, but i like the design of the pro-controller with the thumbsticks being symmetric (along the same line) versus x-box controller with one thumbstick "higher" than the other. simply a personal preference, but something i noticed and appreciated.
the product seems to be much more particular about maintaining wi fi connection during online gaming. i never had an issue with my standard ps4, but have had significant drop rates with the pro model. also, the store did not have the bundle it advertised, so did not receive a game with the console as expected.
sony - playstation 4 pro console - jet black  battle friends and foes with the sony playstation 4 pro console. its 1tb capacity lets you store plenty of games without an external hard drive, and the dual-shock controller improves your hands-on gaming experience. see enemies in clear, vibrant detail with the included hdmi cable of the sony playstation 4 pro console.    when i played on the playstation 4 pro console for the first time with a 4k uhd hdr tv i was beyond impressed with the clarity when it came to gaming not so much when watching movies but the gaming experience by far was the best that i had ever seen
i replaced my ps4 with the ps4 pro. glad i did. having a 4k tv the difference is noticeable. also the system is quicker with loading making for a better experience. if you do not have a playstation yet. i would recommend this as it will last you longer in the technology timeline
the new playstation 4 pro is a very powerful system with great hdr capabilities. the added frame rate acceleration helps with the first person shooters as well. it is also a very quiet system compared to my old ps4. which used to get very hot with the loud fan going off all the time. been throughly enjoying the new system.
i would recommend getting the pro version if it is your first ps4 or recommend selling the old one and upgrading if you have a 4k hdr tv.     i am giving it a 4 star because sony is not very clear with the games that take advantage of it. you have to do the research, the playstation store should at least have a ps4 pro section.
my ps4 pro console keeps crashing on me while doing normal browsing.. it crashed last night when trying to watch a trailer for a game i was looking to purchase. controller unresponsive, console unresponsive, i actually have to unplug the power cord!! and this has happened now 3x since i got it less than a month ago!!! best buy may have sold me a bad console.. prob some refurbished crap? love it when it works tho, hence the couple stars i gave this review.
if you are buying your first ps4 and have a 4k tv, then you will probably be fine with this version. however, if you are upgrading from a regular ps4 (even with a 4k tv) or do not have a 4k tv, i would not spend the extra money. these definitely an increase in visuals in "some" games but it is maybe 20% on average from the 1080p version. i probably would not have made the purchase if i had it to do over again. hopefully the next gen of games this fall will make me feel this was a more worthwhile investment.
i bought this version simply for the space (1tb). although i was expecting a bump in graphics and performance quality from my original model, i have yet to be impressed. i did try a couple of titles such as tomb raider and uncharted 4 as well as vr. the upgrades were very minimal and there are trade-offs such as higher graphics and physics at 30fps or less at 60fps at 1080p. the best reason to get this is if you do not have a ps4 or you actually have a 4k television. although sadly, 4k blu-ray is not even supported (yet?).
i already own two ps4s but then purchased a 4k tv. against the judgment of reviewers on youtube, i still purchased one. the quality was already good on the original ps4. the ps4 pro does not provide any real significant differences to warrant another 400$. if i did not already own two i would definitely one.
i wanted to replace my older model ps4 with the pro for my 4k tv. this console did not disappoint at all. there are noticeable differences in textures between the 2 consoles in games like dragon quest 11. the loading time is improved and the extra storage is a god send.
we already owned a xbox with tons of figures and games so the thought of buying this was a hard pill to swallow. just buy it because i will tell you this is awesome. there are so many games exclusive to playstation and the pro model in 4k mode it comes alive! we added the vr headset and it is as good as waiting in line 3 hours st disney to see avatar fir 2 minute ride but right in your home
i originally got a ps4 slim as a birthday present but quickly returned it when i found out it does not have a digital optical port and only had 500 gb. so i opted for the pro. would get 5 stars if it were not for the price. 400 is a little steep considering it does not even come with a game.
this system is excellent. not too different from what you’d expect from a typical ps4 except for the addition of 4k gaming and streaming. a weird miss for sony is the lack of a 4k blu ray player but if you typically stream your content then you wo not be missing much without it.   the reason this is getting a 4 star instead of a 5 star is due to the jet engine noise this thing produces. during some cutscenes i could almost hear the ps4 pro over the actual game which is annoying. outside of that this is a great system!
all i can say is there is a huge difference. between a ps4 and ps4 pro .... huge !!! graphics, game play! processor speed alone and hard drive space helps !! must buy ! do not spend your money on a ps4 unless it is the ps4 pro !!! you will thank me later!
i bought this for my daughter not myself, the x-box x was out at the same time. however i wanted her to have vr, i’ve had a playstation since the first. i currently have had the 3 since the first week it came out. playstations last forever if taken care of. you can buy this and hold your head high knowing you bought a quality product.
my son gave me his old ps4 to help keep my mind busy because i am physically limited. after i got got hooked on call of duty black opps 4, i knew i needed to buy the new ps4 pro. all i can say is wow. i am now hooked on the new and improved gamer.
i have onlly had the system for a short while, but so far it is easy to use the menus are easy to figure out, they do not look the same as ps3 the load time from what i have seen so far is much faster than the previous versions of ps systems.
i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space, 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue. also my launch ps4 was getting rather noisy. i am very happy with my purchase. this has the 5ghz wifi option which is nice too.
after limping along my aging xbox 360 for over a year i did some research into my next console. i tend to keep them a long time so did not want to start out with a product that might be aged out in a year or so. that was my decision to go with the pro version verses the standard version.    the os runs very smoothly, the controller is lightweight and comfortable and almost every app i want is available, and for those that are not there is a browser to watch things like motor trend on demand.     setting up a childs profile was not very complicated at all to do. i created my psn username ahead of time because typing with a controller is inconvenient over and over until you come across a name that is not already taken.
whether you have a ps4 pro, slim, or standard playstation 4 the system is great because of the many exclusives, so on the software front if you are a gamer who likes a system because of exclusives sony is console is amazing. regarding the ps4 pro itself the design and size of the machine make it look a bit bulky (as if two ps4s were taped together). the controller is amazing the system itself runs quietly, game developers i am sure can take more advantage of features such as boost mode available only on the ps4 pro and not the other ps4 consoles. obviously it runs 4k not native 4k however games such as horizon zero dawn if you have a 4k tv will look absolutely amazing. for the price $400.00 you ca not go wrong.
i bought this for my son who like all kids now is always playing online games. he was always complaining of the x-box lagging. so far he has enjoyed this much more. it is however to me a little more confusing to find the screen to be able to get into other aps like netflix. overall good product
i have not owned a playstation since the ps2. never even played the ps3. this is my first one in forever. i have an xbox one classic, and the playstation 4 pro just destroys it. i am a avid pc gamer, and this was something i wanted to try, and i am very pleased with my purchase.
i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper, but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems. the controller is slightly bigger than the ps3, but ergonomically i think that is great and it is not much of a difference. the menu is also much easier to navigate compared to the xbox systems.
i purchased this on a whim and i’ve throughly enjoyed using it. it is packed with a lot of features but still baffled as to why sony removed the bluray capabilities like their older ps4 consoles. that said, i’m happy with the product and i have not even explored all of it capabilities as of yet. solid product!
ps4 has great exclusives, and the console works great. my only quibble is that the included hdmi cable was not up to the task... it kept dropping the signal, and the screen would go black for a few seconds, completely randomly. the same went for best buy is rocketfish cables. i ended up buying an audioquest cable, the price of which i was not happy about, but now everything works just fine.
i purchased this gaming console and after 3 days brought it back to the store for an exchange because i thought it had faulty wifi connection. it would just drop connection repeatedly. the new system did the same thing (with our router right next to it.) we ended up hardwiring to keep connection and now do not have any issues. however, i do not know that i would have upgraded from our regular ps4 had i read about all the connection issues beforehand.
one of the best purchases i have made. i gave my ps4 to my nephew as a gift and bought this for myself for christmas. on a 4k tv there is a difference in speed and graphics. i think it is worth it. i do wish it was backwards compatible to at least the ps3. but other than that good system. i have all systems and am not biased to any one system. since i have the xbox one s for 4k i felt it would be complete to have the ps4 pro to complete the 4k experience.
this is the best way to jump into the ps4 ecosystem if you do not already have one. if you already have a ps4 then it is only worth upgrading if you are either really into have the best (this is where i fall), or you have a 4k hdr tv.
i have xbox is, and a switch, but this is my first ps4... i bought it for the vr capabilities, and they really are state of the art. everything is smooth, and the system runs perfectly. this may be the best video game console i have ever owned. and the vr, is a must! wow!!!
this is the 2nd ps4 pro that i have purchased from best buy, one was a gift for someone else. theirs has worked amazingly but mine drops the wifi everyday. it is been happening for 3-4 months now, nothing else in the house loses wifi connection like this ps4 pro :(
so i ca not really tell if there is a benefit or not for this. however i have not yet tried to stream 4k. i am waiting to inbox and setup my new sony tv that is both 4k and hdr. if you do not have a tv with both, you see no change.
i was looking for a console to play video games for streaming and honestly the ps4 pro is amazing! it allows you to broadcast with the click of a button. and if you have a 4k tv the graphics are amazing! i use to mainly play on xbox but since i’ve gotten this i have not even reached for my xbox.
i’ve been a ps guy since ps1. my ps4 still works and i still use it. but my ps4 pro is just too good. i’m using it on a a sony 850 4k tv. all content is better. streaming in 4k and upscaled blurays. most games either look great and or play great. hdr support is really good. constant 60fps is nice on black ops as well. worth the buy.
i run it to a sony x900e and sound goes optical out to a decent soundbar.    getting the ultimate version of the ps4 was nice, but it ultimately was not worth the extra money for the slight spec bump (which was originally intended to make the console vr ready).     the lack of a 4k blu ray drive was also fairly disappointing.     other than that, it is a slightly speedier ps4. if you already have one, i would not bother upgrading (unless you are swapping the drive for an ssd).
i bought a 4k tv before i bought ps4 pro with the intention of using the tv with the playstation. after i connected them i found that my 4k tv was not compatible with 4k on the ps4 pro. i checked online for the reasons why and found out that not all 4k tvs are the same. the ps4 pro required a couple of aspects of 4k that my tv did not have i ended up returning both the tv and the playstation pro i was very disappointed
my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $100 and get the pro when i went to get another. do not have a 4k tv yet, just 1080p but games seem to run a bit smoother. 4k tv or not assassins creed origins looks fantastic. overall please with the pro.
i’ve had a ps4 since 2016. i was looking at the specs of the 4k ps4 pro and figured why not upgrade. i know the ps5 will be out some time next year but figured the pro will suffice the need for speed. i swapped out the drive and reinstalled from backup. the speed is really good and the graphics do seem to be a bit crisper. feels like the load times are a bit faster. this also gives one the access to 4k games. video game consoles sure have come a long way since the days of atari, colecovision and nintendo. i remember the time when graphics could only be had at the arcade and a fistful if quarters lined up. now, arcades are a thing of the past but will always be a memory and the ps4 lets one to relive it over & over again.
i bought this playstation for a friend. he wanted to try the virtual reality portion of this system. what a trip. it is fun seeing new ways you can play games. it is addictive. give it 2-3 years, and the games will look less like it is in their bats testing phase.  even without the virtual headset.. it is a solid console.  am a fan of both xbox and playstation.. i usually switch off buying brands. but my playstation 3 is still rocking it out.  but when it is time, i’m buying the ps4 (with vr set) for myself.
i had the launch edition ps4 and wanted to upgrade to the ps4 pro since i have a samsung 65" js8500 4k hdtv. and it was worth it. first game i tested out was "the last of us remastered" and definitely noticed the difference. the colors and graphics are amazing. i upgraded the hdd to a samsung 1tb ssd and wow the speed is very much noticeable. always first to open maps on multiplayer games.
i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase, but i have been so happy that i now have one. i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one terabyte of onboard storage. i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment.
i wanted to get back into play station after so many years and i do not regret my choice! the service online was great and broken down, they delivered it the next day with two other games i bought which i was surprised! the system runs smoothly and is very quiet, it is still worth the money even in 2019!!
my teenage wanted it to play fortnite with his friends on ps4 instead of his xbox. the ps4 pro, i must admit is worth the extra $100. the graphics are pretty amazing and as a mom, i do not know much about gaming, but the graphics are "wow" and the other differences are subtle, but noticeable.
the good the ps4 pro outputs a 4k- and hdr signal that is compatible with high-end tvs, and promises better visuals and increased frame rates for certain games. the console includes a 1tb hard drive, and it works with all ps4 games, apps and accessories to date.    the bad out of the gate, only a handful of titles offer dramatic improvements. in reality, most games that support pro enhancements do not offer a drastic difference in quality when comparing standard and pro games side-by-side. specific information on game improvements can be shoddy. the ps4 pro does not play ultra hd 4k blu-ray discs.    the bottom line the playstation 4 pro only shows noticeable improvements in a limited number of the games we were able to test, but that could change with titles coming in the months and years ahead.    bonus if you picked up a psvr you should have a pro
as a previous ps4 owner and a mild disappointment to losing my ps4 slim to an electrical storm, i decided it was time to upgrade. so, as of this review, i have gone pro. it is so nice to see many of my favorite games in 4k resolution with hdr and the overall performance of my existing library has improved drastically. better load times, frame rates, and a higher resolution, what is not to love? it also seemed to perform much better with vr too. this is the only way to go if you are in the market for a ps4, go pro or do not go.
havent had a ps since ps1, love this system easy to operate. couldnt tell you the difference in ps4 and ps4 pro, but the pro works and looks great. only issue ive experienced, as why a 4 and not a 5 star, may just be a sony thing but to charge having a plugged in controller (meanwhile cord didnt feel like it secured well in port) in standby mode (which says it will charge) so couldnt tell if it was charging. additionally, the cord felt too short and like i was too close to tv to play while charging. got a cradle charger to help.
as advertised, the pro enhances graphics and pushes games to the limit in brilliant 4k. many games run in non-native 4k but the uhd jump makes all the difference still. old games are getting 4k graphical updates and many remasters truly shine on the pro. some games are being created to take advantage of graphics with different modes to enhance your area of choice.    absolutely loving the additional bells and whistles, so if you have a 4k tv and can justify the upgrade, do it. you wo not be sorry!
it wsnt until madden 18 on my 4k sets i was able to see a game actually made for this new console is features and it shows up largely in the lighting effects. there is a distinct differnce having played both versions of madden 18 on my tv and seeing the brightness was much more pronounced and shadows-lighting efffects via hdr were fully apparent. the system is not as consisitently loud as my first gen ps4 but make no mistake even given the triple decker third story design of the pro which we would think gives plenty of extra space for air to circulate, when it does work which isnt often-you are definetly going to hear it for sure. otherwise fantastic system.
i upgraded from an original ps4 and i could not be more happy. all my recent games feel snappy and like new. for example, god of war under performance mode is amazing and this is with a 1080p vizio tv i have owned for about 9 years. i ca not wait to upgrade to a 4k tv with hdr plus good brightness and good colors by black friday. i am thinking of a sony x900f, samsung q6 or the samsung nu8000 for maximum gaming support.
i traded in my original ps4 for an upgrade to pro when i was upgrading to my 4k tv. i really wanted to experience gaming at its max while on a console. i gotta say, this is an amazing piece of tech. it handles 4k incredibly, all the different games i have played in 4k are stunning!!! horizon zero dawn is very immersive, bf1 is clean. overwatch runs great at 60fps, infamous second son is also very very pretty. the pro also takes advantage of its technology with a new update, which allows games that are not pro enabled (think ffxiv, older games), to be boosted, allowing for easier frame rate and very clean gaming. this feature is under the system settings. overall, i love my pro! i ca not recommend it enough!
i have held off getting a console for some time. i caught this on sale after getting a new 4k tv and i am thankful i waited until i had a tv that could properly use the resolution this uses. it is on par now with my gaming pc for clarity and in game detail options view-able in the background. the fact you can play blu-rays is an added bonus. the wireless vibrating control is super easy to setup and holds a charge for more than enough normal game play. i recommend buying an additional controller for friends and dual charging stand.
i have used the ps2, ps3 and now own the ps4. sony has managed to up the ante with this ps4 pro. however, there is news floating that sony will announce a new console/s since it has been almost 2/3 years since a new ps has been announced. so you might want to wait before you buy this particular model.
i have had a tough time and still no luck getting my tv and the ps4 pro to show games in hdr. i have an awesome lg oled tv and updated my tvs firmware which should accommodate for hdr on the pro but it is still not working. i think you should check to make sure your tv will play nice before buying. still ca not fully give this a thumbs up all the way until i know the hdr part is working. i am a bit crushed that this did not work right out of the box - definitely annoyed.
so there i was on the fence on whether to upgrade or not, but decided to give it a go and see of it would make my gaming experience even better. know mind you i only have a sony 4ktv with no hdr, but could see the difference that made me say "wow! that is pretty impressive!". i was playing the a last of us remastered and everything was more crisp and clear. now, is this for everyone? i would say no, but if you have the tv to give this bad boy a shot and money to get it by all means make the jump. games run smoother and 4k hdr gaming is future proof until they make something even more crazier. like 8k.lol but in all seriousness this console is solid piece of tech that any gamer should experience. game on!!
i bought this unit to complement my new 4k television. it is everything that the ps4 was and a bit more. the ps4 pro differs from the ps4 in video capability as well as has a usb 3.0 connector on the backside which allows connection of an external hdd for storage expansion (whereas ps4 only has usb 3.0 ports on the front). playing games in 4k resolution is nice, but it should be noted that this device is incapable of playing 4k movies. if you are seeking that capability (i.e., 4k blu-ray player), you should looks to the xbox one x.
the system itself is great, tons of memory with the 1 tb storage. but in a home that does not have internet connection, there is hardly any use from it. you have to update the system, upload the games, update the movie player (all needs internet connection). so right now its just sitting until i get internet connection again.
i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution. i could not really see a large enough difference between pictures even with hdr. maybe games in the future will use all of the power the pro is capable of. i will also repurchase when the frost white pro comes out.
honestly i do not get why poeple are making a huge about the ps4 pro not having a 4k bluray. who still buys the physical disc now in days? they are pretty much obsolete, such as when the cassettes got overshadowed by bluray. sony is aiming for the future. in the future no one is going to have discs, everything is going to be in a digital library. the last time i ever bought a bluray disc was in 2011. i asked all my friends, some average people, some more tec oriented, and none of them could remember the last time they bought a blurray. now we have services such as netflix, hulu, youtube, etc.(and probably a lot more in the future) that provide 4k quality with tons of diversity and at the fraction of the cost of bluray discs.
purchased the pro for our living room as we needed another ps4 (now in games room) and recently purchased the psvr (recommend that to anyone - it is a complete game changer!!). the ui is now in 4k and already seen improvements in many games. psvr improvements are also noticeable and future games coded with the ps4 pro in mind will take even more advantage i am sure. recommend to anyone purchasing a ps4 or anyone who wants to upgrade their current ps4 and has plenty spare cash. if money is tight and you already have a ps4 then you are not missing too much by not upgrading. 4k tv owners and psvr owners will definitely benefit from the extra power.
i picked up a sony bravia 4k uhd x700d from best buy on black friday for a heck of a bargain. when i got home and hooked my ps4 up, i felt like i was cheating myself so i went out and bought the pro. do no listen to the people that say if you have a standard ps4 do not upgrade to the pro... ((if you have a 4k tv )) do your eyes a favor and bathe them in the awesome colors and rich detail that the ps4 pro produces! when i 1st popped in nba 2k17 i got a turnover just marveling at my 1st glance at a true hdr game. it was amazing. the controller even has a lightbar on the actual touch pad! this system is truly the future. treat yourself! #teamsony
i bought the playstation 4 pro console after a recent 4k tv purchase. the experience has been extremely positive so far. i have played a lot of different games on this system already, and the upgrade in visual quality is impressive. also, the upgrade in playstation vr game performance that the pro offers is terrific and is a must for owners of the vr headset. overall, this system is a worthy addition to the playstation 4 hardware family. highly recommended.
this is a great machine. it runs some games in native 4k resolution, but what a lot of people do not know is that it provides a lot of benefit to those without 4k displays. most of the 4k modes in games work on 1080p displays as well because they use a technique called super sampling, which internally renders the game at 4k and then shrinks it down to 1080p which provides greater image quality than a standard 1080p image. not only that, but a lot of games run smoother too. rise of the tomb raider for example, has 3 graphics modes, one of which is a higher framerate, which makes the game play quite a bit smoother.
the ps4 pro is the definitive way to play current gen games, for those who have a 4k tv (preferably with hdr). for those who do not have a 4k tv you will notice that the pro is more quiet that the regular ps4, has more hard drive space out of the box, has quicker loading speeds, and can play games at a higher frame-rate (which is more important than the 4k graphics) than the regular ps4. if you can get this with an added bonus or at a discount do it, otherwise you may want to look at the ps4 slim just because you can usually get a game or three with that for a smaller price tag.
if you currently have a ps4, but you own a uhd 4k tv, the ps4 pro is probably a worthy upgrade. all ps4 consoles support hdr which is fantastic, but the ps4 pro will add a sharper resolution and faster frame rate to some titles making them really shine on your uhd 4k tv. the new "boost mode" only available on the ps4 pro is also a great option. i also noticed a nice bump in the wifi connection now that it supports the 5ghz channel. it is not a "must-have" upgrade over the ps4, but it is definitely a nice upgrade if you are thinking about it.
our living room had a ps3 and an old lcd hdtv for too long and i finally upgraded with this and a samsung - 49" 4k ultra hd tv and they are a dramatic improvement.  my only quibbles with the ps4 pro is that it ca not play 4k discs and the hdr causes occasional blackouts while gaming, but it works great with streaming video. that is easily remedied by turning off hdr before starting a game. i do not think there are any games that utilize hdr yet, so it is no big deal.
got this after black friday, and there is no big leap forward if you have an ps4. i am mostly an xbox guy and just got this for exclusives. looks good but not great to me. the ps store take a long time to load and to make purchase, even longer or it will crash. i do like the multi downloading feature though. if you have a ps4 already just save your money until they drop the ps5.
i never thought i would prefer playstation 4 over my xbox one, but that all changed after i got my ps4 pro. i am enamored with how beautiful some of my favorite games like titanfall 2, the last guardian and paragon look on it. i ca not wait to boot up some other pro supported titles like the last of us, for honor, horizon zero dawn, etc. the only thing i wish is that it came with a game and a slightly better controller than the standard dual shock 4. a pro console deserves a pro controller. other than that i have not one complaint and am in love with "pro!" ;)
i was a little aprehensive at first but with a 4k tv i thought i would see if the ps experience was made better with this beefed up system and it differently does. the up-scaled video is fantastic with deeper more vibrant colors with 4k hdr video and games looking absolutely amazing. i do recommend this system upgrade but only if you have a 4k tv to take advantage of the upgrade.
at first i was not sure bout ps4 pro but now reading more bout it ended up buying it ,also dont care of 4k player bcuz the pro can upscale regular bluray movies and games to 4k resolution.i also have a 50‘‘4ktv so cant wait.its funny how people wine and grone bout ps4 pro not 4k player.to me its okay at least it has an upscaler feature
sold my original for the hype train and to be honest, the only noticeable upgrade for me was the newer wifi card. i am able to get a stronger more stable signal since i do not have wired internet access. check youtube for even more reviews and game play. you need a 4k tv to see a difference but i do not want to spend the money on one yet.
top selling console on amazon since it has been announced. currently sony owns 70% of the console market share. xbox is begging them to merge multiplayer servers just because they need their help.     you really ca not go wrong with this console. if you already have a ps4 or slim, do not care about vr and do not have a 4k tv, there is no reason to get this. if you do have a ps4 and have a 4k tv, but still do not care about vr, you want to wait a bit for a price drop or see what direction sony takes it in.
i have been wanting to get a second console and between the switch and ps4 pro, it will be the sales that get me.  e3 sale was good timing but nintendo did not budge so i went with the pro.  i also have an xbox x so i have been comparing simple 4k streaming and honestly the performance fabd visuals from the x is much better. not a little but much.  i really want to get a same game to compare now like red dead 2 or anthem to do gaming performance but as of right now, it is the x.  it does not change the fact i am happy my kids get to play other exclusives now, they are tearing up god of war and spiderman. the controller is pretty nice the lights and speaker is a cool addition.
i was disappointed as well, until i noticed that a 4k blu ray disc is about $25-$30 per disc! that is outrageous to me. until the price of these things go down, it is not a necessity. i would rather spend that money on games and netflix, tbh. the scorpio is intriguing, but who knows when that will be a reality. the ps4 pro gets me my 4k gaming needs now. please do not mention pc gaming, and how it can display "native 4k." who cares!! this thing is a gaming monster, for only $400. a decent pc rig costs $600+.
here goes: #3 grandson and son-in-law set up all the wifi and other basics and i watched them do some of it. tedious!!! glad it was not me! i have not played with it or even watched them play any games. it was a bonus with the tv that i really wanted. served it is function: kept 'em busy and out of the kitchen!!!
bought the ps pro after purchasing the psvr after be told speed and graphics would be better. no such luck! i find no difference in the pro and regular ps, except speed - where-as the pro actually loads slower and has more of a tendency to crash! figure that out - save your money!
you need to make sure your tv is on first, my setup is an denon 4k receiver, and a samsung 4k tv and sometimes it turns on but the hdmi signal does not come on, it is a hdcp issue and it can be very frustrating, c amon sony this is your flagship console, why are users having this issue?
this is a really nice upgrade to the 2nd year slim but there are a few caveats with my set-up... after the second year l got a 2tb ssd/hdd hard drive with my slim which really boosted gameplay in and of itself. i also purchased a 4k/hdr tv after ps4 pro purchase(moved 2tb hd to ps4 pro)  so with the ssd drive and the 4k tv it is awesome! but if you are tight on funds i would recommend a ssd hd and decent 4k otherwise if you can afford it go for it but wait for a sale!
my husband was thrilled after his last ps4 was damaged and he went about a year with no game system before i got him this. they were sold out for quite a while which was a bummer but ultimately he was thrilled when i purchased this and so am i considering he does not bug as much and the kids like to play with him as well :p
i have always been a xbox fan, i own all of their consoles! recently i chose to buy a playstation 4 pro, and i am blown away. the 4k experience is amazing! the gameplay and graphics are smooth and fluent. there are alot of similarities between the playstation 4 and xbox one, when comparing graphics,speed and overall technology. i have not played playstation 4 online yet,so i ca not speak about that aspect. my overall opinion about the playstation 4 is 5 stars.. i give it the edge over xbox because of the game selection
when sony had their press conference about this i that it was garbage, as the release date for horizon is getting closer i started to see a lot of reviews for the game on how it looked on the ps4 pro. so i decided to trade my ps4 in for the pro..... i am so glad i did. i am playing rise of the tomb raider which i was able to see running on the ps4 before i got the pro, and visually it is way better than i thought. the only reason i gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is that i wish it had a 4k blu-ray player.
i purchased as an upgrade to my ps3. i am very happy. console is fast and responsive. graphics are great on my 4k tv. hdr works excellently and games are plentiful and fun. download times are quick and i have no problems. includes everything needed to get started except for a game. even includes high speed hdmi cord. recommend purchasing games from the playstation store online so you do not need to change discs to change games.
seriously who really uses their console to play 4k blu ray discs. in a few years novody will even make discs anymore everything will be streaming as internet speeds increase. i think of all companies, sony knows the market best. if you want the most powerful gsming console ever created get s ps4 pro. if you want a 4k uhd disc player get a stand alone. investing in a physical uhd disc collection is like collecting vinyl records. they will be useless soon.
have 4k tv and hdr this upgrade is worth it. boost mode adds a few fps to dark souls and other games. games with enhanced visuals for ps4 are amazing. only issue that i knew going in is that i had a 2tb hdd upgrade in my standard/original ps4 and had to swap out the drive. they should be releasing as 2tb as it fills up fast. however, you can now hookup external hdd so not as big an issue as before.
the hdr label on the box wo not do it is justice until you experience it. make sure you have a 4k hdr compatible tv. the graphics, game-play, storyline, rendering, color spectrum, and resolution are enhanced for one of a kind gaming experience with the ps4 pro. some side notes: i upgraded the hard drive on the console to 2 tb firecuda sshd and so far has been running flawlessly. i also transfered all data (about 1 tb) from previous console and had no issues or data corruption. really loving the ps4 pro console so far.
i just upgraded our tv to a 4k so upgrading to ps4 pro was a no brainer.    the graphics for games (uncharted 4 & horizon zero dawn) look great! the biggest graphical improvement is in 4k steaming in netflix. wow!     there is no 4k blu ray drive. i am fine without it but may be a deal breaker for some.     overall, i am pleased with the system and i highly recommend it!
its a ps4 u cant play ultravioler movies only bluray framerate and loading isnt a dramatic difference 4k no difference on games like call of duty but a big difference on the last of us. ultimately if you dont have money and a 4ktv dont get it stick with a normal ps4
honestly, not much here unless you own a 4k television. i previously owned a slim and it was more than capable. i upgraded to 4k and decided to also upgrade my playstation while the pro was on sale. games look and play fantastic and there is no fps drops that i’ve noticed.
very sleek design - you should take note that even though the box shows it on a stand it does not come with one. i picked up a cooling one for about $15 bucks on amazon so problem solved. the picture quality on some of the 4k enabled games on my 4k tv are just astounding. was worth the upgrade from the ps4.
ca not get my kid off this or on to the xbox 260. my only issue is that this purchase and several other large ones were not posted to my best buy account, therefore i am missing many points. can someone at best buy remedy this for me now? i do not want to have to make a phone call or come to a store to get this done.
i own a sony 4k tv and have the ps4. i thought i would try upgrading to the ps4 pro for the faster processing and enhanced picture quality. unfortunately, i was not impressed by either. i could barely see the improvement in the picture quality... at least not enough to say it is worth it. also, the speed in loading games did not improve by that much as well. i played tomb raider, titanfall2, and last of us to test them it out. in my opinion, it is not worth the upgrade. maybe my expectations were too high., but i am returning the ps4 pro.
i owned the regular ps4 and eventually traded it in when i was bored of it. i recently bought the htc vive for pc but wanted to compare it to something. so i bought the ps4 pro and the vr stuff and lets just say..the ps4 pro compares to many gaming pcs. it is very fast, and the vr was easy to use. downside is no hd blu ray drive.
i will still buy this because i already have an xbox one and wanted a ps4 for single player games. what im lost why why people care so much about how it plays movies? i thought the whole point was so you can play games on it and have fun?     when you shop for a new dvd player you dont judge it by how well it plays games do you?
i purchased a ps4 slim model about a year ago, and i wanted to see how the experience changed from playing at 1080p to 4k. have not had a chance to test on a uhd 4k tv, but the enhancements are noticeable at 1080p with higher framerates in certain titles (final fantasy xv, everybody is golf, etc.). i appreciate the better performance, but i wish the enhancements extended to more titles. i guess it is all up to the developers.
it takes some configuration to get the settings on your tv right to get the best 4k possible.but be patient play with the settings and you will see a difference everything just looks a lil more crispy,but i am looking forward to games that sony puts out to see the true clarity of this thing,in the next year
i owned the original ps4 (batman arkham knight bundle), and have been debating on whether or not to buy the ps4 pro. finally i pulled the trigger and got one. transferring data from old to new ps4 pro is pretty painless; and the first thing i noticed is that everything is much sharper on the home screen (since ps4 pro will run the homescreen at 2160p). on gaming, i am currently playing god of war. i tried the "prefer resolution" mode, but ca not really tell the difference between that and being rendered at 1080p (and upscaled to 4k by the tv). however, when i chose "prefer performance", i am seeing a very fluid animation for the game. this, to me, is worth the upgrade. playing game at or close to 60fps makes a huge difference.   so, all in all, i do not regret getting this device.
amazing graphics when combined with a 4k uhd television. i especially enjoy playing sports games on the ps4 and currently overall would have to say ps4 has the most extensive gaming lineup available for whatever floats your boat. my only 2 issues with playstation are with the price tag you would think a console that uses blueray discs for its games would also allow you to watch blueray films, which this does not and also the many updates necessary for almost every single game is a pain, otherwise great system.
i am really excited about the ps4 pro i just recently sold my ps4 and i am awaiting the release of ps4 pro. the playstation 4 original was a great console and this one out of all the versions of playstation 4 is will suit me the best. 4k compatibility and hdr i need it. i am so excited about it
i could not enjoy my standard ps4 any longer simply because the fan roared like a jet engine non-stop.  the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat.   the storage, performance and graphic upgrades are all winners - but peace and quiet to enjoy immersive gaming is a worth the cost alone.
this ps4 is definitely faster and better than the older generation or the slim. but if you already own a ps4 its not worth to upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv. also most games do not support 4k or hdr as of now. but if you are new to playstation. definitely pick this over the other versions.
i am not sure if i would fully recommend this to anyone who already has a regular ps4, but it is definite visual upgrade if you have a 4k tv. storage is a little bit more, but a terabyte still does not seem to be enough. streaming in 4k looks a little better, but just be sure you have enough bandwidth to handle it, or it wo not do you any favors. otherwise, everything is great, and you will get the quality you would expect out of sony is console.
i decided to purchase a ps4 pro after buying a 4k tv & i have to admit it does not disappoint. i would only recommend if you have a 4k tv or are planning on buying on in the future. it is a amazing product. god of war is a great game to test the graphics out on it.
i upgraded the launch model to the new pro on day one and love it just as much as my first one. ended up selling the launch model to a friend so it worked out beautifully. 4k tv is on the docket for january when i need to keep my elite plus status.
i am not a gamer, but this machine is the smartest of "smart" tv is for any hd or 4k tv in your house. fast wifi connection over the dual-band router. best, ergonomic controller (way better feel than x-box,) gorgeous and superb game play in gta v, best, fastest netflix app layout with crystal clear hd and 4k and more. in life, a few extra dollars to get exactly what you want is a far better option than saving a fraction to settle for the lesser competition (the x-box equivalent.)
the ps4 is a great console, though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv. games may run a bit better on the pro vs the original, but there is not much difference. but if you are looking for your first ps4, definitely get this one.
purchased my ps4 pro from walmart and i bought the extended warranty but i got a 3-year warranty for $39 i am enjoying the system more over my 2nd generation ps4 its quieter when playing higher demanding games and having the extra 3.0 usb port on the back can be very useful/having the extra horsepower is reassuring too! the con not having a 4k plalyable disc drive but for $400 i guess i can deal with that..lol
i was on the fence about upgrading my original ps4 since the ps5 is probably only a year or two away, but this is a major improvement. even on 1080 the graphics are better, gameplay and menus are soo much smoother, and this thing does not sound like it is going to explode like my og ps4 either.
the sony ps4 pro is a worthwhile upgrade for people who want the best ps4 experience. this is true whether you own a 4k hdtv or even if you have an older 1080p hdtv. games that have been patched for the pro look noticeably better, and games like last of us, skyrim special edition, and shadow of mordor use supersampling on 1080p tvs, so those annoying jaggies are banished at last.    streaming apps like netflix and amazon video run smoother, and look better as well. the entire interface is more responsive, lending welcome improvements to performance across the board. if you are a ps4 user that wants the best experience, or a first timer ps4 buyer, then i heartily recommend the ps4 pro. it makes the entire console experience better.
in regards to whether it is worth spending more vs a standard ps4, i really feel it will pay off. everything runs flawlessly on my 4k roku tv. 4k and pro enhanced games look amazing. such as battlefield looks stupid real. i have a vita so the playstation network is a great companion tool platform. exclusives are an added bonus and i do believe that if vr does not consume the market in upcoming years, the 4k content in games coming out will make it well worth not only the visuals but the faster processor to handle the larger games.
great console for the price. only worth the upgrade if you have or will soon have 4ktv with hdr. or if its tour 1st ps4. bummer no 4k drive but i have a x1s anyway. could be me but for 4k video streaming i think xbox one s seems a tad clearer. but the ps4 pro games that are supported are truly stunning. it even makes cod look like eye candy. the console has great potential, i only hope devs will utilize this.
i do notice the improvement from the standard ps4. faster loading better graphics when a game has pro support for 2d and vr gaming. main problem is getting the 4k to display on my tv. took about 3 hours of searching online and restarting my ps4 in safe mode many many times before i actually got it work, but let me tell you that once i did get it to work the improvement was definitely noticeable.
i really enjoy this new playstation, it can stream and play videos and games in 4k which is pretty sweet if you have never experienced it before. only thing i could complain about is that it cannot play 4k discs, and has a interesting disk drive sound when inserting and taking out discs. other than that flawless system and i would recommend to anyone wanting to experience 4k
been a pc gamer my whole life- wanted to check out some ps4 exclusives. it will be fun they said. it is fun, decent graphics. great gameplay. horrible load times. all games and even basic tasks seemed like they took forever, swapped out the included hard drive for an 850 evo, all good now, cut load times in half.
if you have never had a ps4, this is the one to get especially if you can get it for around $350 like i did. normally it is $400. normal is $300. some things you want to consider is that you most definitely need a uhd tv to get the most out of it. it outputs high frame rates and higher resolutions on a lot of old games improving them so much that you would want to dive back into those games. the only bad thing is that it does not support 4k playback. i figured that if it did, that would increase the cost to well over $500. all in all, it does great upscaled gaming and 4k streaming very well. it is a bit heavier than the original as well. you will feel like you have a beast of a machine. enjoy!
98% of the games run on 1080p it is meh.....if you got extra cash then yeah but not necessary,it is very quiet and does not get nearly as hot as the regular console .loadings are much faster and i am sure new games will be pro enhanced so i would say it is worth it to sell your old console and get this one if you can but if not difference is minimal.
this console delivers on respect to graphics, smoothness and clarity for most games created after 2017. playing on a 4k fb is the icing on the cake because you can truly tell the difference in color and graphics. if you already own a ps4, however, the difference is not significant enough to upgrade just for the pro.
definitely a nice and welcomed upgrade from the original ps$. the ps4 pro is great. and when paired with a sony x900e tv they are a amazing duo combined that is what i have mine hooked up too. higher resolution with 4k hdr support and plays your games at higher refresh rate. i highly recommend it to anyone that is looking for a console to buy.
great graphics, low noise and a fantastic array of single player games, the ps4 pro is a must. i upgraded from my old ps4 after getting it on the initial release date. the new system makes less noise has double the hard drive space and works great on a 4k tv.    however the differential in graphics is a positive its not overly obvious that they have been improved. but if you’re in the middle of a game, say rdr2 and take a step back to take in the scenery you realise the true power of this machine.
looks great on my samsung 8000 series 4k tv. playing games like uncharted 4 with the 4k upscaling makes it look much better, final fantasy 15 has support for it also and the new mass effect, fallout 4 has a update coming for ps4pro, and dozens of other games.    some of the supported psvr games look much smoother on my pro than it did on my previous normal ps4.    with the new wifi adapter i see a good boost in my internet connection since it has the newer standard of ieee 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac    i put a corsair ssd hard drive in mine and i see a general boost in speed and a larger boost playing online games when levels load. it also supports sata3 now.    i am just in general quite happy with the ps4pro and looking forward to the games coming up that support it fully.
if you do not have a ps4, this is the version to get. it offers 4k streaming and allows you to play many ps4 games in higher resolution. some games offer better performance and true native 4k resolution. last of us offers native 4k and hdr. many other games offer near-4k resolution with better effects. rise of the tomb raider is an example. all future games will offer ps4 pro benefits as well.    the system is not perfect as it does not offer 4k blu ray support. it is also bottlenecked by the weak jaguar cpu cores found in the standard and slim ps4. with that said, for $400 you are getting a much better gpu (2.3 x more powerful), 4k streaming, and a 1tb hdd. these are all gains, with no losses over the standard ps4 with a modest price increase.
i have had an original generation ps4 for a couple of years now, and had not really previously seriously considered upgrading to a pro. about a month ago, i bought a psvr system, and decided to upgrade to a pro for the better resolution it offers in psvr games, as well as for the extra hard drive space, since now i am buying lots of vr games that i want to keep installed.    i am really happy with the upgrade. also of note is that the process to transfer all of the data from my old system (saved game files, game downloads, settings and user data) was very straightforward and easy.    great new system, and definitely worth the cost of the upgrade for me.
if you are looking to buy a new playstation 4 console go with the playstation 4 pro. you will get a little better graphics and stuff if you are on a 1080p hdtv, and you will get the full benefit of the system if you have a 4k tv with hdr. i happened to get a new 4k tv this year, with hdr and i could not be happier with it. the games look very sharp and crisp. you get added reflections and more detail in the graphics of the games that support the pro. call of duty infinite warfare and final fantasy xv look great with this hardware. even without a 4k tv, i would recommend the pro for the graphics bump you will get while running in full 1080p hd at only $100 more.
since i already have a 4k tv, i have been meaning to get the ps4 pro for a while. it was on sale, so i purchased it. the larger hard drive, speed, and graphics are nice for the games. i have been playing detroit become human, among other games on this console. we still have the original ps4 to use on a 1080p tv. the file transfer was quite simple, too.
it is a mistake for them not to add this, 4k player. i will tell you why for 4k tvs and 4k blu-ray sales. i am going to purchase the pro eventually but may not ever purchase 4k tv or blu-rays. there is no need to and i was never going to re purchase blu rays so i was going to keep my 1080p collection cause they are good, will not be good on 4k tvs though. i was going to start buying 4ks to add to my collection from now on though. also i have had my ps3s since launch and playing blu-rays have not wore anything out, mgs backwards compatible bundle to slim is. none are going out but i clean them good every month, not in last two years i been a bit lazy.
we decided to get a new playstation because we were looking for a gaming system that offered the best of everything. the ps4 pro, does this. from playing games in crystal clear format to watching the latest movies on the 4k option which makes them so lifelike. this was so worth the purchase!
ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming. performance of ps4 is too good and works with all type of games. so many games are available in market for ps4. graphics and everything runs very smoothly. it works very well with ps vr bundle with amazing gaming experience.
this is a great upgrade for current ps4 owners even if you do not own a 4k tv. the system has a "boost mode" option that slightly enhances games even if they do not have a pro patch. if you have a normal 1080p tv, you can still benefit from the increased power of the pro. having a sharper 1080p image along with a steadier frame rate for some games that might have had framerate problems.
the ps4 pro is great if you have a 4k hdr tv. the games that are optimized are a great they look cleaner and graphics are more crisp. if you do not have a 4k tv i would recommend getting a regular ps4 you may get better frame rates with a 1080p tv but it will not take advantage of what the pro can do. also having a hdr tv makes the colors pop a little more but the regular ps4 has hdr also. i would recommend an external hard drive also, one terabyte can get filled up pretty quickly with the newer games. i still prefer pc gaming but for the price and convenience the ps4 pro does a really good job.
i have been playing playstation since 1995. it is impressive how far the technology has come. i updated my ps4 to the pro because of the graphic and hdr upgrades. it pairs well with my 65 inch sony 930d. the graphics are updated on some of the games with an example being tomb raider. i have a samsung 1t ssd in it so the loads are quick as always. i have noticed that the physical media loads pretty quick too. i was not concerned it did not play 4k media as i already have the samsung 4k bluray player. but that is just me.
i decided on the pro because of the extra power. consoles are not up-gradable component wise so the extra money was well justified. i play mostly sports and rpg titles. i play on a 4k hdr and the graphics look stellar. i would still recommend this on a 1080p screen just for the extra power alone. make sure your hdr tv is compatible before you purchase if you are looking to buy it for the consoles hdr features.
if you do not have nice 4k hdr tv, then this versions offers you nothing. if you do, then the pro will blow your mind with the increase in graphics. now there are settings on the tv and the ps4 that need to be setup to fully maximize the abilities, but i am thoroughly impressed even in games that are not optimized yet for the 4k. the upscaling looks beautiful. once they release 'boost mode'   update, all games get the extra boost and will dramatically improve performance and picture quality. i traded in my old ps4/controller and easily justified the purchase. also i connected both ps4 to network with lan and it took an hour to transfer all game installs and saved data. you can even pick and choose what data not to transfer. very pleased so far
i bought the pro because i wanted the best picture nonetheless. i paired it to asus gaming monitor and was amazed at the picture and smoothness of the games. coming from an xbox one x i was a bit let down due to sometimes being a bit laggy loading up certain things on the main menu. also the main menu is not as user friendly as compared to an xbox but does not take that long to learn.
with all the next-gen games coming out, graphics are getting much more intensive. bought this because all these new games take advantage of its processing power and was not disappointed. gameplay functionality and graphics are truly top-notch, especially on a 4k t.v. - which you will want to buy immediately if you do not already own one.
the pro is a worthy upgrade to the ps4 slim. the main differences are really showcased if you have a 4k tv with hdr. if the software take advantage, you will be showcased a beautiful spectacle of gaming, full high dynamic range in great detail. uncharted, gran turismo, and particularly the new god of war are just breathtaking. even games like fortnite with benefit from larger draw distances and zippier load times. the standard in consoles.
so the majority of the posts that give the ps4 pro a good rating, base their opinion on the fact that it is for gaming. well how can you deliver 4k content on a standard blu ray disk. short and answer, you ca not. up scaling is not true 4k. i have been a long time playstation player and advocate. but this round goes to xbox. they have a larger hard drive, play uhd, and have backwards compatibility. if you want to give a fair review do a fair comparison. compare the features to the xbox one s. it just does not stack up.
i stepped up to this system from my old ps3. i have to say that the ps4 in general is a lot more streamlined. the os loads quickly and i love that i can go out of a game to the ps4 menu and back to the exact spot in the game without having to quit and reload.    4k content looks amazing especially in hdr mode. (if you do not have or do not plan on getting a 4k tv, you really wo not be able to take advantage of some of the extra features of this system.    downside to the ps4 pro is that while it can display 4k games and other content through streaming (4k netflix is pretty awesome), it will not play any 4k blu ray disks. just something to keep in mind if you were thinking of using this as an all-in-one media center.
i purchased this after buying my 4k hdr tv. as advertised visuals and perforance are improved on the select games i have tried thus far. one great thing that is not highly publicized is how easy it is to transfer data from my old ps4 to my new one. overall, ps4 has a user friendly interface, great games, and great visuals. 5 stars.
why on earth sony did not include the 4k blu-ray playback? i did use it for a while but i decided to return it because i still felt that the original ps4 was good and powerful enough its not worth the upgrade i suggest you send less money and go with the xbox one s simply because you are getting more for your money and also cheaper than being compared with the ps4 pro and most 4k is are smart tv is so netflix and amazon video is already 4k supported within your smart tv is apps
my dat one ps4 finally died. it has seen a lot of use over the course of it is life. i was in need of a replacement and just could not pass up the great price on upgrading to the pro system. graphics are noticeably better and games seem to load faster. the addition of 5ghz wi-fi connectivity is nice but unnecessary in my situation as i have mine hardwired. overall i am pleased with the upgrade.
it is got a really pretty interface but now very customizable when it comes to putting things in order. games look beautiful. (i bought it specifically to view 4k games along side the xbox x.) vr plays fun but resolution ends up being the compromise for interactivity. all in all it is fun if you do not mind spending the money to play things you find entertaining.
i bought this console because i wanted to get back in to playstation and, if i was going to do that, wanted to get the best availebl console on the market. the ps4 pro delivers! i bought the console with a 4k samsung monitor and the graphics are amazing!    keep in mind that not all games are optimized for 4k, they are still pretty new and most available titles use upscaling, but either way the visuals are impeccable compared to 1080p. the console also runs quiet while warm, they seemed to have mastered the airflow through the machine. all in all, extremely satisfied with my purchase and look forward to further support in games/firmware!
picked up a ps4 pro after it went on sale and can say i am not disappointed. games that are desginated ps4 pro enhanced noticably look better on a 4k tv. some other details are noticible in some games (like better textures and lightining). also noticed in boost mode some older games run a bit more smoothly. overall i am happy with upgrading.    for those on the fence it is only worth it if you already own a 4k tv, otherwise i would recommend holding off until you upgrade your tv.
i had a ps4 at launch and it is been great to get to go through old games that have been updated. the increased power is used well even if you have a 1080p tv. one of the coolest things about the pro is that streaming and game recording is increased in resolution over the base ps4.
it does play games at "dynamic" 4k, meaning you may get closer to it, or checkerboarded 4k or 1440p at times. for the price, its a great machine. i got it mainly for the exclusives that sony seems to always pump out (uncharted, god of war, horizon zero down etc) and they look awesome on my 4k tv. for real 4k multiplat games i got my pc (i do not care about getting the upcoming xbox one x as most of microsoft games are also in the pc).    only gripe is sony should have included a 4k uhd bluray drive, thats it.
it costs $100 more than the s and it comes with half the memory and it does not come with 4k but looking at the price i am not surprised. so basically if you want 4k just wait for the scorpio or build a pc. i will be purchasing this since the ps4 is the only gaming device i am missing as i have been waiting for enough exclusives to find it worth the buy and it seems it is finally time. still very disappointing as i wish sony would compete because when companies compete the consumers win.
2 stars coz i only get to enjoy for 2 days. i got this for christmas and 2 days later, the controller that came with it will not charge or respond. sony support will just tell you to follow their procedure, no offer of temporary replacement while you wait till they fix it.. you have to wait 10 days to get your controller back. oh and you will be paying for shipping too. nice, no? so frustrating , very inconvenient way to deal with the problem...so no matter how awesome the console is, if you cant use it because of a badly made controller....you are in for a huge disappointment. oh yeah another solution ...buy another one...and then maybe another one ...and another one. *sigh* so disappointed i couldnt play the games i just bought coz i was impressed with the powerful all new psp4 pro.
i had the day one ps4, and it just started to go bad. the hdmi port just died on me. i figured why not upgrade i have a chance to get something better. i bit the bullet and boom the new ps4 pro now working with my 4k television. i see the difference overall between all of my games i own. i was shocked on how many games work better with the pro. i am glad i kind of waited for this upgrade since there is more support for some of the older games. overall i am happy with my purchase and not to mention the extra horse power under the hood of this baby.
held off on getting the ps4 and waited for the pro until a sale...could not resist when this was on a black friday special. the system exceeded my expectations. [disclaimer: i do not have a regular ps4 to compare against]. the graphics is amazing as expected in 4k and i do prefer the ui over the xbox. in the end, the game makes the difference and i like exclusives such as uncharted on the ps and forza on the xbox. if you are a video game fan, definitely consider this!
i had a regular ps4 before this so i can see the differences between the systems pretty well. this system really is an upgrade in every way. if you are on the fence, i would recommend it 100% if you have a 4k tv. if you are running 1080p it is nice, but not as big a difference. it is better in every way though, quieter, better wi-fi connection, better visuals in games and ui, even looks better imo.
i bought the ps4 pro along with my new 65-inch sony tv expecting to enjoy great video games and ultra 4k movies very disappointed in sony for not supporting ultra 4k blu-ray on the ps4 pro. the ps4 pro with only play blu-ray movie. maybe sony wants you to pay 200 more dollars to buy a ultra 4k blu-ray player.
i bought this for my son for christmas but we returned it being he said he could not tell any difference between it and his original ps4. we did notice that the wifi chip is much improved but that was not worth $399 to us as he does not have an issue with lag. we do not have a 4k tv, just a 1080p, so could be a big difference if you do-ca not comment to that. this costs quite a bit more than the ps4 so was not worth the upgrade.
the power button is no longer touch activated, but a physical button that feels cheap and mine does not work. when i press the power button it does nothing and i must use the controller for on and off, but the next time i turn the ps4 on nothing shows up on the tv. this forces me to unplug it giving me a warning message for improperly turning it off and makes me worry the system will have problems in the future.
there is nothing really wrong with the ps4 pro apart from the lack of an ultrahd 4k drive. it is faster than the og ps4, it does 4k and hdr game and streaming content, and it makes psvr work quite a bit better on particular games. if you want to experience resident evil 7 in vr, the pro is almost an essential upgrade.    but bottom line, if i was not both spending a bunch of best buy points and selling my og ps4 to my best friend, i do not think this thing would have been worth full price as an upgrade. if you are just buying into the ps4 ecosystem and have any interest in vr though, this is a strong start for sure.
i sold my regular ps4 and used the money to upgrade to the ps4. the primary reasons was to take advantage of the 4k capabilities while watching netflix through the ps4. i do subscribe to playstation vue, but none of their programming is in 4k. in addition, to the video the games are noticeably better looking. i have a lg b6 oled and some of the games really stand out when it comes to the details. it is not a 100% improvement, but more of a 25% improvement, but that is enough if you are into it and use the ps4 pro as your "cable box" as i do.
my new ps4 pro, takes more than 1 minute to turn on, does not accept any cd...gaming feels not so good.  it doesnt work properly...thats sad!  im from brazil, best buy said that could not do anything, and to reach sony.  i have to travel again to us, to send the ps4 to sony...wait 15 days...to give me the ps4 working.  hope can make this this year !!
the original ps4 was an incredible system. not on par with high end gaming pc is but a the price point of $400 it had a wide array of games that looked and played beautifully.     pros:  - sharper graphics  - smooth user interface  - new and improved ds4 controller  - enhanced network card  - silent    cons:  - not necessarily a con, but if you already own the original ps4 do not expect to be blown out of the water with the pro. however, i will say that all of these minor improvements have made my gaming experience far more enjoyable.     looking forward to experiencing final fantasy xv in all its glory!
upgraded to the ps4 pro because my friend wanted a ps4 so i sold him mine and upgraded to this since it is more beneficial to me as i have a 4k tv and he does not.  well worth the upgrade. games look clearer and run smoother with the new boost mode option for games to help frames per second stability.  it is quieter than the regular ps4 and the controller is neater and feels better and holds battery life very well.    no 4k player but i do streaming more than anything these days so depends on your viewing preferences and what you are looking out of a console.
i’ve had this for about a month now. i upgraded from a launch day ps4 and this system is much quieter and does not get as warm as my old ps4 did. games also play much better. god of war was so much smoother on this system over my old one. i’d recommend this even if you do not have 4k just for the improvement in gameplay.
the disc drive stopped working on my ps4 pro about six months after it was purchased. i shipped the ps4 pro to sony to have them fix it but they refused to do so without paying $150 first. they said that because the ps4 was not working they would not fix it!! sounds crazy, right? video game consoles have a history of having problems. do not buy a ps4 pro. it is a giant gamble because if something goes wrong, sony will not fix it.
i bought a ps4 last year not realizing that my old tv would break down and that i would replace it with a 4k tv. after seeing how good games looked in 4k, i could not resist upgrading. the 60fps setting for games like tomb raider, horizon zero dawn, and god of war makes replaying these games a refreshing experience. spider-man looks amazing on this system. my only gripe is that sony did not spring for the 4k blu-ray player, but it is a small sacrifice for me.
the ps4 pro is a great upgrade for a user with 4k hdr tv available. also makes games run better without the tv upgrade.   like the design as well. looks sharp and runs quiet for the most part. games like horizon zero dawn really show off the hardware nicely. upcoming games like god of war will benefit greatly from the boost. serious gamers will own this system if they want the most optimized experience available.
solid product meets expectations.  1st gaming experience & loving it. super easy & super fun!  good experience with best buy.  games let you customize and personalize this down to the nth degree or just set it up and go.  parental controls including time max use, turnoff time.  pro has enhanced features if you have the right tv/equipment and buy from the select games that can use the enhancements.
the ps4 pro is a bit of an odd duck. at $350, it is cheaper than the original launch version, but it is missing some features that you think would be obvious from a sony product. this system only supports 4k video through streaming (which will look great but still suffer from some degree of compression). 4k blue-ray discs will not play in this system (oddly enough they will play in an xbox one s). the system also does not support native 4k resolution, instead it uses a checkerboarding system similar to some multigpu rendering techniques on the pc. despite this, everything has looked great on the system that i have played so far, and it is nice getting to experience 4k upscaled versions of games i owned previously.
i was not sure i was going to like the pro, since i thought there would be no noticeable difference in graphics but i was very surprised with it. the graphics look way better and you can really see finer details in games. the faster loading times are awesome too, along with the 1tb hard drive.    you wo not regret getting this, i sure miss my pro now every time i use a regular ps4, i know i am spoiled since the regular looks very bad now compared to the pro. get it.
the playstation 4 pro is the go-to console for true gamers. in terms of processing power it is 2-3 times more powerful than the original ps4. compared to the regular ps4, it features an upgraded gpu, upclocked cpu, and a larger hard drive. this results in games with higher frame rates and better graphics.     the only knock on this console, as others have noted, it does not feature a 4k blu ray player.
i bought the ps vr, then later bought a 4k 360 camera because i wanted to make 360 videos. unfortunately, the regular ps4 can only play hd video so the 360 videos had to be rendered to hd and the visual quality wasnt great. the ps4 pro is 4k compatible so i can now watch 360 videos in 4k (although it has to be rendered to a certain file format which is slightly watered down). there is indeed a noticable upgrade for the vr visuals - smooth video during head movements.
i play at my friends house quite a bit on a regular resolution tv land on the ps4 slim and gameplay is very good and graphics are pretty great but whenever i play at my house on my 4k tv in my ps4 pro it makes the quality of the regular ps4 and regular tv seem obsolete truly is an amazing combination do not waste your money unless you’re going to pair it with a 4k tv though
do not buy, known issue that sony is avoiding... after so long of the system being on it will start to power off only last 45 seconds and power off and rinse and repeat no matter what steps you do. when you call sony they will deny the problem, do not waste your money side by side will show the games are not being scaled to 4k native like promised.
sony did an excellent job with the ps4 pro. videos on the internet do not do it justice for just how much better the graphics look. for the price of this console, it exceeeded my expectations. the games that support the pro are noticeably better. they may not run in native 4k, but there are boosts to the resolution and frame rate. textures also look much better. if you have a 4k tv, this is a great opportunity to show it off a bit. 1080p tv owners will still benefit from better visuals due to super sampling. i cannot say enough good things about how much better the enhanced visuals are. if you have the extra money on hand and are deciding between the ps4 and ps4 pro, get the pro and future-proof yourself.
my ps4 pro runs like an absolute beast. i love the option for higher framerates in some games, and i really love the graphical upgrades provided by the 4k and hdr support on games like god of war. this console easily has the best exclusives, and it seems to have the brightest future ahead.
i have been a die-hard pc person for a long time, but finally broke down and bought a console. of course the specs of my pc blow the ps4 away, but then again my video card alone cost more than this thing. overall, i like it. i have played it on 4k and 1080 tvs and it looks good on both. i do not like how it has to be connected to the internet for anything to function (even the dvd player??), but i guess that is just how things work nowadays. i bought it during the sony sale for $350 and i think it was worth it. i am not sure if it will pull me away from pcs, but i am no longer skeptical of consoles-or at least this one.
this is the latest version of sony is ps gaming consoles. the major improvements over the previews versions include a faster cpu, a definitely improved graphics chip, and 4k compstibility. it can display 4k streaming games. the video quality is gorgeous, and the responsetime to the controller is excellent. its only major drawback is that you cannot use a 4k blu-ray with it. it will upscale hd blu-ray discs beautifully, but i ca not recommended it as a movie player. that is the only reason i ca not gjve it 5 stars. otherwise, i would have no reservations about it at all. at about $100 less, it is a better value than the xbox, and the controller is better.
i replaced my fully functioning ps4. the 1 terabyte hardrive is a welcome thing. downloads are much faster. blu rays look really good upscaled to 4k on my 4k sony 850. games in 4k look amazing but suffer from low frame rate. but some games in 1080p get close to a constant 60fps. last of us remastered with hdr enabled with 60fps plays really well.
first of all, if you have a 4k tv, why not upgrade to the pro??? i have been playing on a regular ps4 since launch day and been gaming on a samsung 1080p tv since 2011...so i decided to do a full entertainment upgrade. i am really happy i did. if you thought ps4 games looked better than xb1 games already, then the pro takes it one more step above. graphics look brilliant clean, and gaming has a smooth feel to it. only thing that sucks is that there is no 4k blue ray player.
well, i bought this, never owning a gaming console in my life, and i must say, i am not impressed, i have tried repeatedly to connect to the internet, this has only worked once. so, i am thinking about returning it to get the cheaper older version, regular ps4. get $100.00 back, i mean how much faster can the pro be, really?
i upgraded from the 1st gen base model. absolutely a huge difference. right off i noticed a big difference in load up times, the overall smoothness of transitioning from one screen to the next and through the menus. i love to play call of duty and even in the black ops 4 blackout mode, there was a big difference in the speed and quality of how the graphics were rendered and displayed even without a 4k tv.  for me, it was an upgrade that was well worth it and i would recommend the ps4 pro model to anyone who loves to game and wants the best system on the market!
this is my first ps4 console and i am in love. i am an xbox one user so the navigation of the ps4 is sometimes challenging. in its own right it is not that hard to use just different to me. console graphics and games i have bought for it are amazing. i love the 1 tb storage. it streams in 4k with certain netflix and hulu shows and movies. i purchased this console so i can solely play playstation exclusives and just for that well worth the money :)
was weary of upgrading my ps4 to this model at first but i am so glad i did!  impeccable increase in quality, connection, and speed. the 4k makes games really immersive and goes great with my curved monitor. absolutely love this system, i am excited to use it everytime. plus, the new controller it comes with is fantastic as well. everything about this system is a win!
playing in 4k is amazing!  seeing all the little nuances in games such as nba2k17 & call of duty infinite warfare elevate the gaming experience to levels i did not know were possible. simply put, it is a must have for gamers who want the ultimate gaming experience. the terabyte of storage is a great bonus as well if you buy your games and movies digitally. if you have a solid 4k tv and buy your content digitally then the ps4 pro is a no-brainer.
i am an avid person that plays games on a video game console at least once a week and it is usually for at least an hour or sometimes even longer and it is because i am happy with my games and sometimes i’m mad because twelve year olds kill me in fortnight but other than that i love the playstation as my normal video game console for most video games.
the ps4 pro gives boosts to certain games, but not always in the same way. some have better frame rates, other have higher fidelity graphics. but a lot depends on your display. if you have a 4k tv you will notice a difference. otherwise you will be able to notice gameplay performance improvements. research the games you want to play, and find out if it really matters to you.
like my ps3 before it, the ps4 pro is awesome. graphics are top notch on my shd 4k tv. updates downloading in the background is an also upgrade to the ps3. the new features of the dualshok controllers are also welcome upgrades. i have never had to send it any of my playstations for repair, while my friends with xboxs seem to also be sending theirs in. playing on my ps has led to a few of them changing to the ps platform from their xboxs.
this gaming console has everything play station 4 has plus brilliant graphics. but is it worth all the extra money for extraordinary eye-candy? i think so, and even though games these days do not leave as much to the imaginatiom, the time they put into making these games look amazing makes it worth the extra bucks. if your still looking to buy a playstation 4 you might want to go pro! if your tv can handle it...
i already had a ps4 but bought this specifically for the higher framer rates, best psvr experience, and to a lesser extent 4k. it was disappointing it did not have the 4k blu ray, which meant i also run an xbox one s. i have noticed quicker load times and smoother play. but for most gamers on a tight budget you will get 90% of the experience with a standard version. get this if you are running a very large format 4k tv or psvr and you want no compromises. also boost mode does give a noticeable increase in frame rate to some of the older games. 1tb hd is still too small but glad external support for playable games, not just backups, and internal upgrades are now available up to 8tb.
very, very happy with this. i bought this so i could give my son my ps4 and i was planning on buying a 4k hdr tv. read and watched a few reviews that said the unit was loud and ran hot, however i have found it to be much quite and cooler (tempature & awesomeness) than the original ps4. 4k really stands out, but that is mostly because i upgraded from a 720p plasma i bought in 08 (which still works great, just needed an upgrade.)
as you all probably know how the standard ps4 performs, i will just stick to what i have noticed the differences to be. 4k content is a plus (streaming only), hdr in final fantasy looks great, psvr seems to be more fluid with much less load time and i have noticed that the frame rate is pretty stable even with a lot of artifacts on the screen. i think the upgrade will be more worth it as more ps4 pro enhanced titles are released.
i originally had the ps4, after purchasing a 4k tv i was kind of obligated to get this ps4 pro. i was glad i did!! more memory and faster. games on a 4k display are much better. better graphics. i enjoy my games more now. i still have to get used to sounds coming off this system is remote. if you have 4k display you should upgrade.
upgraded to a 4k for christmas and was looking forward to having this system. heads up it has a bluray and not a 4k drive. it does however support 4k streaming through netflix or any other streaming service you may have. games that support pro features are slowly trickling out. if you know you are getting a 4k tv / monitor i would get it but hold off if you do not have one just yet.
i bought this for a gift, took it overseas, and found out the hard drive was mal functioning (device turns off after turning on). we spoke with local sony and they do not support this locally. by the time i will get this back for return to best buy the return policy will be expired.
updated for 4k game play. it takes a whole 4k setup, tv, ps4 pro, and good theater system to really appreciate the improvement but when you do have the right arrangement, it is like upgrading from standard to hd. was hesitating to buy because does not play 4k blue rays, but going forward everything will be streamed and dvds prob phased out. come to mind, i do not think i have watched a blue ray movie for about a decade.
so far is the best console,best 4k graphics,a lot of people gave bad reviews because is a rescaled 4k,in my opinion,i do not care if is native or rescaled,i experienced 4k graphics anyways...  other people complaints because the ps4 pro no play 4k blue ray,but if i bought the ps4 pro was because i want play videogames,no for watch movies,i never watch a movie in my ps3 or ps4 and i do not will do it with the pro....the ps4 pro ,the best console to play...
search "ps4 pro black screen" before purchasing. one of the reasons for purchasing this system is to play it on a 4k screen yet many of us are having issues with the system connected to a 4k tv. would not recommend a ps4 pro at least until the issue is resolved.
was not sold yet on making the upgrade from regular ps4 to ps4 pro. decided to go for it and glad i did. see a difference in performance. game i am most impressed with is the last of us remastered. this game looks amazing with upscale and hdr. one thing i do not like though is the placement of the disc eject button but no biggie as most future games i will do a digital purchase.
i really just bought this because my old ps4 was overheating and running extremely loud so it was just time to replace in my mind. i do have a 9500 series 55'' 4k hdr samsung and the difference in quality with the games being supported is noticeable and amazing. nba 2k17, rise of the tomb raider, tlou remastered, and even the elder scrolls online look fantastic. really looking forward to playing final fantasy xv and horizon zero dawn on the ps4 pro and if you have a quality 4k tv i would recommend the ps4 pro even if you already have a regular ps4. now if you do not have a 4k tv i would hold off unless this is you are first ps4 then this is a much better buy then the ps4 slim.
at first i was hesitant about upgrading, but it was definitely worth it. being able to stream in 1080p is good enough reason for someone that wants make videos for youtube/twitch. the added hardware power has decreased crashes (only experienced 1 and that was the game is server is fault for freezing.)
if you do not have a ps4 and have a 4k tv, you might as well get this over the regular ps4. if you already have a regular ps4 and a 4k tv, it is probably not worth the cost of an upgrade, unless you can sell your old one, or you are like me, and wanted a ps4 to keep at your girlfriend is house.    you would be hard pressed to notice the improvement in graphics or general performance unless you are viewing the games side by side (which you wo not be). it would be easier to recommend if sony included a 4k blu ray player, but they did not. there are cheaper (and better) ways to get 4k content from netflix and youtube, etc. is the ps4 pro a good system? yes, but they could have (and should have) charged a bit more and included a bit more.
i am not a hardcore gamer or anything, but i really enjoy gaming in this console. i have had every playstation to date with the exception of the original ps4. this one feels more polished, connected, and just generally better than any of the previous gens. the controller is are absolutely awesome with the touchpads. the upscaling 4k hdr is so beautiful you almost forget you are looking at a game. i definitely recommend it!
we love the ps4, and when we upgraded our tv to a 4k tv, we talked about getting the pro. it is well worth it. the graphics alone look amazing and you really can tell the difference when playing games. the ps4 had lots of artifacts on the new tv. the pro looks flawless!!! ca not express enough how amazing it looks!
i have been extremely please with the ps4 pro upgrade. the transition from the ps4 to pro has been very noticeable to me. based on the new processor and gpu support 4k this has been a smart investment. just looking forward to the 2018 pro games to take advantage of the box.
the graphics are great, but i also do not tend to worry about that stuff too much. what really makes me love my pro is the performance! it is much faster and does not sound like a wind tunnel compared to the original.  and really, the improved graphics on my 4k are phenomenal!
i was exited to find out what sony had in mind, but after going online for more information that sony did not inform (or at least i did not see). was the fact that the ps4 pro cant handle native 4k at 60fps. i would love to have this unit but at a much lower price point by at least 150 buck off.
i was in doubt about spend 100 bucks more in this ps4 pro and really if you do not have a 4k tv will not worth the money, otherwise if you have one 4k tv at the very first moment you will not see any difference (tw3 for example), but after play the games that are enhanced for ps4 pro you will see the crisp image and then you can see why the 100 bucks worth.
my video 1 was gone after i hooked it up. already lost video 2 so not knowing what the problem was i returned it and got me a i pad pro. i do like i pads i have 5 . really wanted to play me some crash bandicoot. lg tv .
the purchase was a waste it is no different than a ps4 if you want to sell someone a product that is better in every aspect and put the same rom player in that only plays bluray than do not charge more for a unit that only upscales to 4k returned it and bought a xbox 1 s
i upgraded from a standard ps4. i would say it is worth it if you play a lot of games and stream shows or sports on a 4k tv. i watch a lot of nhl games and they look better than cable hd. sports video games are much clearer and the new games coming out look amazing in 4k too. the 1 terabyte hard drive is nice to have too, especially if you digital down load your games.
sony has the rights to blu-ray but they did not include the hardware in this expensive machine. there is really no reason to upgrade. overall ps4 is a great system, but i think it would be better to get the slim version because there is no 4k bluray player in this.
i bought this in hopes of playing two players with my bf. it was clear that was not possible unless i had an online account. i realized that i am not a gamer and returned this ps4. i should not have to pay to play against the person sitting 3ft from me.
i was very eager to upgrade to the pro but i did not realize that it does not play 4k blu ray until i was at the register and ready to finalize the sale. i personally believe that is the only drawback to the ps4 pro. otherwise, the 4k enhanced games look great on my 4k samsung tv.
got rid of my original ps4 when moving and bought the new 4k one. the system is just as nicely designed as before with a noticeable upgrade in graphic power. for me it is still the best console for breadth of games and content, and the most relaxing home screen music ever
amazing system upgrade. has double the memory for those who do not feel comfortable switching out the hard drive. it is very quiet when playing since you wo not hear the fan go on like the previous model (ps4). supports 4k for those who have a 4k tv. online game play is more fluent to my knowledge compare to what i had to deal with from the previous model (ps4).
i bought this as a christmas gift for my fiance, he absolutely loves it!! surprisingly so do i!! i love the hd quality that it has when watching movies and playing video games! it is the best gaming consule ever!! my fiance loves the online capabilities and that he can play with his friends even if they are not close by! so glad i upgraded and bought the pro!!
i held off on this purchase for a while as i already owned a ps4. once i purchased a 4k hdr tv i felt it was time. the picture quality in game is absolutely brilliant. i am one of those gamers that fly through games in order to finish quickly. but i have found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase.
since i finally purchased a 4k tv, i decided to upgrade my old ps 4 to the ps 4 pro. what a difference in gaming! the faster processor makes for terrific graphics on this tv and steaming netflix 4k content is amazing! a must have to compliment your 4k tv!
i got the console day one since i wanted to have my 4k horizon: zero dawn machine. was worth every penny for that alone, but it is nice to have a console that runs games at higher resolutions/textures. the new boost mode makes games that did not used to run at a great framerate on the base ps4 run just fine now, so it is a great machine overall.
i was not expecting much for $400, but the iq of games running on the pro is extremely impressive. super sharp/crisp images, then throw in hdr and boom! uncharted 4 and tlou blew my mind. bf1 and tf2 also look amazing. even games without pro features have sharper images do the upscaling. definitely not disappointed with my purchase. cost me $1000 to build a pc this capable.
i upgraded from the ps4 original release and i can say it is a lot faster and graphics look amazing. now you must have a 4k tv to take advantage of the benefits and not all games are equipped to take advantage of the hardware but the ones that do rock! only negative is not having the latest dvd player as they always do but theis is a full gaming machine.
i prefer sony over xbox due to all the exclusive games. the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4. i ca not wait to get a 4k tv next year and enjoy even more games on the best console.
i was not going to upgrade to the pro, but there was a deal that was too good to pass up. the picture quality on the games is better, but not quite as good as what my brother is xbox one x can do. still, a solid upgrade and worth it if you own a 4k tv.
the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity. while it looks fantastic and runs games better than the regular ps4, it is not leaps and bounds better than the regular console. if you have the extra money and a 4k tv, it is worth the money. otherwise, i would recommend just getting the ps4 slim
my son really started to get into gaming so i picked ps4 pro up so we can take it to the next level.  games look great, everything works smooth and we are having a blast.  if you are on the fence... do not be.  go get it!  the ps5 is still over a year away and will play the same games because it takes a while for developers to create a good amount of games for new systems.
i got a 4k tv this fall on black friday i already had a ps3 and was in the market for a ps4. i finally purchased this one and i could not be more happy. the picture quality on games like battlefield is simply amazing it looks like real life. as someone who is owned a ps3 and ps2 this is a great addition to my collection.
great system overall. nice upgrade from a launch ps4, 4k and hdr games look incredible! no more lag when hopping back and forth from a game to the home screen. noticeable performance improvements as well! ca not wait to see what developers do to take advantage of the extra horsepower in the coming year or so!
the console is basic the same and you will only notice graphics improvements when playing new compatible games with compatibles tvs. the internet seems to be faster, also the in game charging. still come with that poor microphone/earbuds.new front joystick light.   i had short problems when configuring by the first time, had to force shut down 2 times. seems it was software version problem, after first updating had no more problems.  it did not make sense new video game launching with no 4k compatible, so here is ps4 pro.   if you have no ps4, go ahead and buy it. if you already have it, it could worth the price sell it and buy pro.
another great update on the playststion. love that you can do play share and graphics are awesome on the 4k tv. if using on an lg 4k tv you will have to change the setting on the hdmi to deep color. you will have to turn the tv on and back on to set this setting. you will also have to change a setting on the playstation in safe mode.
obviously, the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k television or planning on getting one in the near future. other than the higher picture quality, i really enjoy having 1 tb in space. i tend to bounce around between many different games at the same time, so the extra space has been much more convenient.
definitely an upgrade to the standard ps4. i will say that this is what the original ps4 should have been when it was first released. a little disappointed that it does not come with a native 4k player built in but otherwise a great purchase! the graphics, smoothness of play and quality beats everything else.
no issues connecting to my 2014 samsung 4k tv, this only bummer is that the tv is not hdr capable on the hdcp 2.2 hdmi port. that being said, the visuals are stunning and have brought the tv alive. 4k @ 60fps is awesome. i also love that i can steam most video files via usb 3.0. what a great upgrade from my ps3. ..
the ps4 pro is nice, the only downside is it does not come with a 4k blue ray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony is way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade. with that said good picture on my samsung 75" qled for the ps4 pro enhanced games
this is a brief review since much has already been covered. my low rating has to do with the glaring omission of a 4k blu ray player. sony set the bar in the past including 3d blu ray and they really missed the boat excluding this component especially considering they are the company that developed blu ray. i have read reviews about individuals not concerned since they stream exclusively but i consider that short sighted. i also stream extensively but this console is part of my home theater, requiring, unnecessarily, another component just to play 3d 4k content. bad decision sony
i was very happy with my 1tb gold ps4 slim, but it only output 1080p. i recently purchased a new 4k tv, and decided to upgrade my ps4 too now that some of the games coming out support 4k output. and wow. what a difference. it is subtle, but it looks gorgeous. i could swing around the city all day as spider-man, or ride around new hanover as arthur morgan, just admiring how beautiful everything looks. i ca not wait to see what the next games look like, and even better yet, look forward to a ps5! unfortunately, the ps4 pro does not play 4k ultra hd discs, but it does support blu-ray. not a show stopper for me, but would have been nice to have that little extra built in. nevertheless, i am extremely happy with this purchase. yee haw y'all!
i almost got a regular ps4 to save money and now i am glad i invested in the ps4 pro instead. i have been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes. the performance and graphics with games like uncharted 4 is phenomenal. i will be enjoying this for years!
sony knocked it out the park with this one. loving the improved resolution and frames in certain games, nba2k17 looks incredible in 4k 60fps on my 49ks8500 4k hdr tv. i am a huge fan boy of xbox one but they definitely dropped the ball with upscale to 4k only until scorpio comes out one year from now.
i am thrilled with everything ps has done with the console as far as the 4k goes, except...not being a 4k disc player. i know we stream a lot these days, but there really is not much 4k content out there that i enjoy that is 4k so i end up getting the 4k disk. my xbox one s plays them, why not my ps4 pro. other than this small dilemma the console gets 4 stars. i am impressed with the quality in picture of the games and ca not wait till the end of this year for death standing, days gone and detroit (become human).
i have been a xbox user for a long time and did not think i will need another console. i have been so wrong. there is a lot of play station exclusives and i am so glad i purchased this. the device does heat up a lot more and gets really loud. this is my only concerning factor when comparing xbox.
while it may be difficult to justify upgrading from a standard ps4 to the pro i believe the visual upgrades are noticeable enough to consider trading up. i was halfway through ratchet & clank and uncharted 4 when i made the first. both games benefited significantly following patches to take advantage of the extra power. a 4k bluray player would have made this a 5 star for sure. also think sony should have considered upping the specs more given that scorpio coming out 2017 such a major upgrade from original xbox one.
this is a great upgrade from the standard ps4 if you have a big screen and/or uhd tv with hdr. i have seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p. in the case of a smaller, non-4k screen, i am not so sure it would make sense to spend the extra money.
i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k, i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro.
i traded in my destiny limited edition ps4 for this upgraded version as i knew i would eventually have a 4k tv. and this system is amazing. the games that support it are astounding. i would highly recommend this to anyone either curious about it or anyone looking to get a ps4.
i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i have owned, i really wish they could have added in a 4k blu-ray player as well. regardless, the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv!
there are a ton of great games for the system and with it is backlog of titles there is no shortage of entertainment on this console. i do not worry about 4k so the lack of that on this console does not bother me. the recent resident evil release sealed the deal for me.     as far as teh controllers go, i have the same gripe with the ps4 pro as with every other console. the lack of any rubber on the grip makes the controller feel lacking. this can easily be fixed with a cheap aftermarket add-on.     all in all this a great console and the upgraded graphics for the games that support it, are amazing.
it is the same as ps4, so if you already have ps4 then you do not need to upgrade. however, if you own a ps3 or xbox then for sure upgrade to pro. it is super fast with a huge space to download games. true hd and/or 4k gaming experience, graphics are so real for some games.
4k and hdr games look great. games do load a little faster. overall, i am very happy with this purchase. if you own a 4k tv, do not hesitate to purchase. i am an avid gamer and purchased the original ps4 at launch and im glad i made the upgrade to the ps pro.
i already had an original ps4, however wanted to upgrade due to getting a 4k tv. looks great. my only complaint is that it does not play 4k movies but only games compatible with 4k resolution. i knew this going in but just a heads up for those that do not know this yet.
after owning and only purchasing xbox systems. i purchased a 4k tv i already owned a xbox one but it was not a xbox one s. i did not want to purchase another xbox to experience 4k so i decided to try the ps4 pro. i am glad i did after trying playstation i realized i should have gone that route to begin with. the graphics are great and overall gameplay is better than the xbox. i recommend this product to anyone with a 4k tv and that likes gaming this is the way to go.
i was not sure if i should or should not buy the pro - but after testing it and playing around with it for 2 days at a friends house - i bought this upgrade. uhd 4k is great - games and netflix - amazon as well. would buy it again !
on a 4k tv, the graphics are amazing to say the least! i like that game saves can be synced between consoles. that is definitely a plus. i also noticed that this console is quieter than the non-pro version. i would have given a 5 star rating but i have noticed a couple of glitches with some games. other than that, a great buy!
i am extremely happy with my purchase, took me less than 5 minutes to find a sales associate and complete my transaction. i purchased this as a replacement for our old ps4. the old system sounded like a jet plane even after cleaning and kept overheating. now the new system looks even better on our 4k curved tv with no noise during gameplay.
i got this solely to play the ps exclusive mlb the show 19. i love baseball and that game is great so i love this. 4k and hdr is great. the xbox one x is more powerful and i think generally more impressive, but for exclusive games this is the best option. looking forward to spiderman and god of war.
i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr. the speed and graphics are noticeably superior. the lag time for the vr is greatly reduced and the upscaling for most games is noticeable. i’d definitely recommend the upgrade if you can, i’m very satisfied with my purchase.
i purchased a 4k, hdr television and decided it was time to replace my ps4 with the newer ps4 pro. my major concern was would the ps4 pro be louder than the ps4. i am happy to say that it is quieter, at least for the games that i like to play which is the naughty dog developed ones.    when i check the settings on both tv and ps4 pro, the video setting are both 4k resolution. i think the main difference that can be noticed is with the color rendition. it looks really good. but i do want to point out that its not something to knock your socks off, if you know my meaning. its not earth shattering, but maybe naughty dog always seams to produce an excellent visual game even without 4k.    overall, i am glad i purchased the ps4 pro.
i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off. employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful. ca not wait for the next red dead game to come out.
after owning one of the original ps3 systems, migrating to a ps4 pro was seamless. i immediately upgraded the standard mechanical 1tb hard drive for a 960gb ssd. everything about this system screams fast. downloads, opening games and everything else is noticeably faster. definitely recommend the upgrade. sony makes everything easy for the novice. they have a website that explains how to install the ps4 operating system on your new drive. sony built the ps4 with the consumer in mind. replacing the standard drive is extremely easy. only the removal of one screw is required to gain access to the drive. then another 4 screws to final swap the drives.
i got the ps4 pro specifically for the sony exclusives. i also have an xbox one x primarily for the 4k blu-ray drive, backwards compatibility and halo. after having the ps4 pro for a couple of months, i have found myself using it more than the xbox. maybe it is because my gaming roots are in the ps2. overall i would recommend picking one up.
i love video games and will play them until i get to old to play them. this console is way better than the original ps4. smoother processing and 4k streaming. please be aware that ps4 does not play 4k movies but it can stream them. the ps4 pro is a bit larger than the ps4 too but its solid and durable. $100 more for the ps4 pro vs. ps4 (regular). no brainer here. yes get it.
this is a great console. great picture in 4k tvs. horizon zero dawn, drakes fortune 4, rise of the tomb raider and the last of us remastered look amazing in 4k. 1080p games benefit from boos mode and unlocked frame rate in some games. only flaw is the lack of a 4k blu-ray player.
my old ps3 died so i bought the ps4 pro with 4k support and wow, what a difference compare to 1080p, there is no going back. the ps4 pro might get a little hot near the back but so far it is not causing any problems. the only complain i have is the eject and power button is tiny and hard to see.
i was told that the pro had much more processing power and added uhd 4k capabilities, along with true 60 hertz frame rate output, whereas the original ps4 was only doing 30 hertz and 1080p hd output. those are just two of the specific advantages of the pro. my other favorite is the improved quality of the vr system through the pro over the original ps4. these features are especially obvious when playing games designed for the pros processing capabilities. they look a million times better and have much more detail and speed.
my boys are the gamers, not me, but even to my eye the ps4 pro takes full advantage of the 4k capabilities today is tvs offer. the system was installed and set up quickly. allowed me to both create my own profile (as controlling system “manager”) and the boys to copy/transfer their existing account histories without their having to delete them from their regular ps4 consoles. easy to use, so no problems at all so far. quality of video is outstanding. fully recommend.
i love my playstation and the gameplay on it is seamless. everything it does is fluent and it produces fantastic graphics at an amazing rate. i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems. the only problem i have had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it.
this is the second plantation 4 pro that i have purchased and have yet to have any issues with the system. the 1 terabyte memory helps with having up to 12 games on your system depending on how big the games data is. the 4k aspect is only for games so thats one thing to keep in mind, but on a 4k tv the games look amazing and well worth the buy.
i really enjoy the 4k/hdr for games such as final fantasy 15 but at this point unless you need the bigger hard drive i would not say it was a needed upgrade. if you do not have a ps4 already its teh best start spot, but otherwise i would say wait for a bit more games to really take advantage of the new features.
we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility. it is been great with the games and good quality for blu ray and dvd is. the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well. we figure it was because of the wifi but who knows.
bought this console for my husband and he claims it is awesome. it does not turn on automatically like the older ps4 used to do. the 1tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games. even our kids can save their games as well. my husband claims it is better when playing on an hd tv, and the quality of the video graphics is great. overall product is great!
if you are looking fora 4k uhd blu-ray player then save your money and purchase a samsung ubd-k8500 4k blu-ray player! since sony dropped the ball and did not read their own information regarding what age group uses the ps4 the most and of that group the primary usage: gaming or movies!
i recently upgraded, finally, to a 4k tv. i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong. the clarity is just perfection. any game you play it is like your really there. my wife thought it was a real baseball game i watching when i played mlb the show. love it, worth it
i finally upgraded to the ps4 pro a while after it came out. honestly, i was tired of not having enough storage on my original ps4. i was constantly, deleting games i did not play often to make room for new ones. the 1 terabyte helps take my mind off whether or not i have storage when i’m shopping for something new to try. the enhanced graphics are an amazing plus as well! definitely recommend if you have not already switched up!
i had an original ps4 before this, and i am happy with the upgrade. there is a noticeable improvement in frame rate in a few games, the whole machines is more responsive, and the hdr support with my 4k tv is great. i am a bit disappointed that they did not include a 4k blu-ray player.
even though this console generation is coming to an end soon, the ps4 pro is definitely still worth buying. on the merits of games and games alone, the ps4 is this generations clear winner. sony simply blows microsoft out of the water when it comes to 1st party exclusive games.
bought this system after running out of space on my ps4 with only about 4 games installed. i also had a broken power button on my ps4. after loaded it up and starting up my first game i noticed to load time was a lot quicker. now i am going to get a 4k tv and then comes the psvr.
bought this as an upgrade to my baseline ps4 and so far i can certainly see improvements. frame rates in certain games like cod 4 are considerably more consistent and the graphics looks slightly better too, but overall it is not terribly dramatic. if it is your first time buying a ps4, the pro is improved enough to warrent the extra $100. otherwise, the incentives to upgrade are negligible.
this is a good console only missing a 4k blu ray player. i do not know what sony was thinking by not including a 4k blu ray player. i play this on my samsung ks8000 and the graphics are beautiful on games that are pro updated. if you have a 4k hdr tv it is definitely recommended.
i do not have to be real descriptive when it comes to reviewing the ps4 itself, but this is not just a regular ps4, it is the pro! besides the price difference, this thing has features that make it worth it. check out the specs and live it when you plug it into your 4k hdr tv and see it with better performance, connection, and more storage for your whatever you use up your storage with! ps4 is better...enough said!
the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv, even if you already own a standard ps4. most recent games take advantage of the upscale in resolution. especially the first party titles, like spiderman and god of war which both look absolutely stunning. also there is a noticeable performance boost and games run smoother than ever before!
i see that this is for hardcore gamers but man it woudnt have hurt to add that uhd player.... i mean the competition is doing it for $100 less and with more features? console gaming should be for casual to semi hardcore gamers for anything else you might as well get a really good pc from bestbuy
i last had a ps3 and transferred to xbox one after. i did not like the games xbox had so much and had several friends in the playstation community so i had to get the ps4. i love the amount of memory space there is and also all the features. i bought the red dead redemption edition and love that playstation gives you a hard copy of the game! if it would’ve been xbox all you get is a crappy download code. the graphics look amazing! i love this gaming console!
the playstation 4 pro was a highly recommended system from a similar enthusiast with excellent tastes. for the price and optional accoutrements, the ps4 pro appears to be the system to buy. setup was not very difficult. grasping new concepts with the system is not very difficult although there is a lack of physical manuals. online resources are a plenty and enhance some of the game learning and play. search for the best price online as well as possible in-store option with many good prices out there.
bought it for 4k capabilities and migrated from a ps4.    setup and migration sw was fantastic. seamless. brought all my games and history from the ps4 flawlessly.    have recurring problems on power up with denon avrx6400h/lg c8 tv recognizing hdmi signal. tv recognizes dolby vision but either black screen or picture with serious flicker. need to power cycle receiver sometimes to get it to work.    the upscaling on the ps4 was so good that the improvement to 4k dolby vision is not that noticeable.    some improvement on assassins creed frame stutter but it still exists.    seems to have more crashes on hitman.    a bit quieter than the ps4 but disk is still noisy.
i got this console because i wanted new titles to play and so far im extremely impressed! i purchased “detroit become human” and it has been a fantastic experience. i also got it because i want to buy a 4k tv which i am doing soon so my gaming experience would be on the next level. this console has made me enjoy games again and i will continue to purchase more titles
the reason for the upgrade primarily was for the 4k capabilities of the pro, and it is been terrific so far. paired with a 4k tv this is excellent. the slight upgrades in speed and memory are great too, do not get me wrong but the 4k hdr is where it is at now.
just like the xbox one x, the ps4 pro is marketed as a 4k gaming machine even though the games are not a consistent 4k or not actually 4k at all.    however, if you want to get your feet take a little 4k dip... with the rise of crypto mining it makes sense to go with consoles rather than a diy pc because of the costs of pc components.    the true value of these systems though actually is not from the resolution bump... but from the hdr upgrades of games.
i find it odd that these game consoles at one time could hook up to any tv but now,anymore,you wonder what tv the console will work on because you do not want to pay over $400 for a gaming system,take it home and find out that it is not compatible,it wo not work on your tv
playstation 4 pro was bought for my husband as one of his gifts. his eyes lit up when he opened the box just like a little kid. he loves the graphics. he loves all games i purchased for the game. he loves to play his virtual reality games on it. everything seems so real.
this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up. i’m playing gta 5 on my 4k tv and the pic is crystal clear
yes, it does not play 4k discs...no big deal. this system is great. games definitely feel smoother and the 4k on games is a treat on the eyes. i got this on a great cyber monday deal-$450 for system and destiny 2 for free. though i was not a destiny fan, i am surprisingly taken in by the game. 4k+ps= happy gamer.  one word of advice, if you are moving over data from an old ps4 that is on the system hard drive, give yourself lots and lots of time. i have an old 500gb that was not quite filled and even that took nearly half a day or so. extremely slow. i also have an external that was almost filled with 2tb and that was easy to move, but the remaining games on system hdd were done manually.
for those of you that think that a playstation pro is the same as a playstaion 4 you are wrong. if you have a nice hdr 4k tv at your home trading for a playstation pro is a good idea. as any system in the market playstation pro have some games that will be optimize to take advantage of this features some games will not be optimize so you will not notice the difference. playstation always on top of the game bringing the best games. got it on sale for 350 and having the opportunity to spend 1000 on a nice sony 900 improve my gaming experience to the maximum in games like:   grandturismo spot  horizon   call of duty   just cause 3  and some other optimized games.
this console provides the best gaming experience available other than high end pc is. the controller has taken some getting used to compared to the ps3 controller. it is a little different with the inclusion of the touchpad button combo but the controller is comfortable in my moderate sized hands. the user interface is a little less streamlined than the ps3 however it is still very useable. netflix, twitch, and youtube are enjoyable experiences on the ps4 pro. plays standard blurays and dvds with high visual fidelity. it is also extremely quiet. overall i am very satisfied with this product.
if you have a 4k tv (especially with hdr) and are looking to get into the amazing library of games on the ps4, then the ps4 pro is where to go. it may not be quite as powerful as my xbox one x, but the games on this machine are insanely good. god of war, horizon, all of the uncharted games, the yakuza series, and countless other awesome japanese games. if you do not have a ps4 at all, then this is the console to jump in on. if you already have a ps4 but you have or want a 4k tv, then it is definitely worth the upgrade. the visuals are absolutely nuts.
i took a ten-year hiatus from console gaming. i just returned and found myself naturally gravitating back to the psn familia, mostly due to peer pressure and also in part due to a preference for the ps game collection.   and for the most part, i am happy with my decision to buy the ps4pro.     the controls feel strongly familiar, the game selection is massive and perpetually growing in new and exciting ways, the online social features of the platform have grown exponentially, and the graphics are amazing. more flexible customization on the home screen and less forced "bloatware"/app-ads would be nice but i get it, subscription services and unintrusive advertising are trending.     overall though, i have never second-guessed my actual purchase and like michael corleone, just when i thought i was out they pulled me back in.
i highly suggest spending the extra money to get the pro model. the graphics on the games are unreal. i am excited to start playing other games and watching movies on it. i am not even sure that my tv is 4k but the game plan is this system will last us and we will eventually upgrade to a 4k tv for the full effect.
sony wants to make you watch ads before you play a game.  you ca not even watch a movie without connecting to the internet.  why i wondered.  its like telemarketers, they use your equipment to throw ads at you.  zero stars sony my last playstation.  i am returning mine.  p.s. skyrim wo not even play right with out an update.  but that did not fix the problem.  bethesda put a deliberate bug (ca not get to save menu) in the program so that you would have to download an update to fix it. but the update did not fix the problem either.
i did my research before purchasing the playstation 4 pro and knew ahead of time that it did not play uhd discs. still a let down that this technology was not incorporated into the system. obviously i knew this upon purchasing the system so i cannot take away a star rating for something i knew about. the system plays and looks great on my 4k vizio tv. the remote is great even for my 5 year old stepson to play lego jurassic park. sony develops the best video game consoles!
i have had my ps4 since the release of the destiny 1 white bundle. it looked really nice on the 4k tv i just bought as well. it had a lot of time on it so i decided to upgrade to the pro. i could tell a big difference on the graphics that the pro turns out from the original. it is also quicker and has a bigger hdd on it. the controller was upgraded as well from the original and it feels better and looks better than my old one, but not enough of a difference to make me have to get reacquainted with it.
i am so happy i bought the ps4 pro. i was on the fence about 4k but this thing can push some amazing graphics! the main reason i splurged is because i ended up selling my og ps4 when the switch came out, and got a 4k tv for christmas so though what the heck. i am surprised at how quiet it is.. and it is not much bigger than the launch ps4. the upgrade to 4k is well worth the price.
i enjoyed playing this console because of the exclusive games (uncharted, gow, horizon). without these exclusives, i do not see any advantages playing this over my gaming pcs (desktop and laptop):  1. streaming your gameplay -> this can be done through nvidia  2. gamepad controller -> use xbox 360/one  3. 4k -> expensive but possible    there are some features such as the live video editing (i think?) if you are streaming which i am not using.    i forgot, i also like the "rest mode" feature because of ability to download updates/games overnight.    for the ps vita remote play, well its an advantage if you meet the connectivity requirements.    my final recommendation is that if you want to play the exclusive games (which so far worth playing), go buy this product.
i have owned a ps4 since it came out, but recently upgraded my living room tv to a 82 inch 4k tv, and wanted to make sure i had the best experience. for that reason, i decided to upgrade to a ps4 pro.  ps4 is a great console and has some amazing exclusives. while the upgrade is not as monumental as ps3 to ps4, there is definitely a noticeable improvement in the quality (esp on a large 4k tv).  my one complaint about the ps4 is that you really need to control the disc playback through the controller. i wish there was a better way to integrate with my harmony.
i have not has a playstation product since playstation 2. it is been xbox for me since. i missed out on a lot of exclusive playstation titles so i decided to jump back with the ps4 pro. it is looks amazing, especially paired up with my sony bravia 4k tv. although not as powerful as an xbox one x, this is still a great gaming console with an extensive catalogue of 1st party games. worth the buy!
i have not had a playstation since the early ps2, went to microsoft because it felt like all my friends did, and then picked one of these up after being talked into destiny 2 by a friend and being epically disappointed with microsoft is e3 delivery and project scorpio...i do not have a 4k tv yet, but i dont need one to know that this powerhouse fantastic. and not to mention the sick lineup of exclusives we all have to look forward to. on paper, this thing may not boast as big as the xbox one x later in 2017 but what is all that power if you do not have any good games. playstation has games, amazing games. this thing plays as sexy as it looks, and i do not thing ive touched my xbox or 3ds or steam since i picked it up. no complaints at all.
this is the perfect system if you have a 4k tv especially if you have a tv made by sony but it still works great on regular hd tvs there are too many apps to choose from and if you were a psn member just makes it all the better system runs fast and you can expand the hard drive space with external hard drive is which makes it wonderful
i upgraded from the regular ps4 after i got a 4k tv, and i must say that i was genuinely surprised at the noticable difference. the speed for one is much faster, whether it is load times in games or streaming video. also the picture is amazing (as it should be with 4k). if you are looking to upgrade i would recommend it completely, although if you do not have a 4k tv i would recommend upgrading your tv to get the full potential. the only problem i have found is that it puts off significantly more heat than the normal ps4. this could limit the places it can be stored. i have a small nook under my tv with no ventilation and i noticed it was getting very hot but all was fixed with small ventilation fans, which i bought on amazon for less than $30, and now it is running cool smoothly.
this is my first ps4, i currently have an xbox one s and nintendo switcc, and this exceeded my expectations. my primary reason for buying this is to play ps4 exclusives. i also have a 4k tv so this made sense. the graphics are great with the few titles i have played and so far everything runs very smooth. the only caveat is that it does run much hotter than my xbox and switch. so much so i went ahead and purchased the extended warranty from best buy. hopefully i wo not need to use it.
i decided to go with the ps4 pro due to the graphics being better. i am very pleased with the quality of the blu-rays, ps4 games and other content played form the ps4. the interface is a little confusing at first and just know you will still have to purchase playstation plus in order to access online game play.
i am an xbox guy. i have expanded my horizon to playstation 4 so that i could play the great exclusives on the system. i picked up the playstation 4 pro because i wanted to have the best that sony had to offer. definitely worth it to me. the machine looks great and plays great. plenty of great games to enjoy. my only nitpick is that i despise the controllers, though that comes from years of playing with the xbox controller layout.
i love this console.   sony does not disappoint. they have the best exclusive games as well as content. hits like god of war, horizon zero dawn, detroit become human, uncharted, last of us and more to come in the future really make this console unique. all my friends have a ps4 and those that purchased xbox ended up switching to ps4. hands down best console
i have been pretty pro-sony for a while now. i owned an xbox-360 and it just was not really for me, besides the kinect addition - that was actually pretty sweet. but online gameplay with xbox was lame. the sony consoles are streamlined, easy to use, but hard-core-player friendly as well. the addition of 4k capability just ups the ante for an overall "legit" experience.
the ps4 pro was very easy to assemble. it looks great, has a sleek design. as a first time ps4 owner and having a 4k display, i had to go with the pro. it exceeded my expectations. it is an incredible machine. video games look amazing. the quality for streaming is great. the video quality is superb and the speeds are very fast and smooth. love my new ps4 pro!! thanks for best buy and special financing. the guys at best buy were very helpful and the process in store was quick and easy!
video quality and graphics are astounding.  my only complain and this is something that i noticed not too long ago was the noise that this machine made.  it was really loud, hopefully they come up with an update that helps with this issue that only happened once or at least that was noticeable
i was reading reviews and watching videos on the ps4 pro and they all said if you had a standard ps4 there was no need to upgrade. they lied. even if it is not native 4k it is leaps better than standard. games like uncharted 4 and horizon, and star wars battlefront make it worth it. i would buy it all over again.
recently bought a new 4k tv and connected my playstation 4 release model to it. the playstation four looked great on the tv but it was somewhat lacking due to the fact that it is only able to output video at 1080p. in order to get the most out of my new tv i elected to buy the playstation 4 pro because it is able output video at 4k. i have been happy with this purchase and i cannot stop replaying a lot of my old games in 4k.      the only drawback is that the hard drive is not large enough. within minutes of buying the playstation, i bought a 2tb hard drive.
this is much quieter than my launch system and i no longer have to hear the game disc and/or system fan spinning loudly when playing for long periods. this is the updated model cuh-7200 i purchased, which i was not expecting, but was pleasantly surprised when i learned that it quieter than the first run pro versions.
this unit is more expensive than the normal ps4 version, but with the extra cost comes extra oompf.     if you own or are planning on buying a 4k tv then do not think any further, just buy the ps4 pro. all games now are coming either 4k ready or are being updated to be 4k compatible.     it is a beast. i am not gonna go into if it is better than the xbox one because i believe both are good consoles (except for the fact that the ps4 is better jk lol bst) but being able to game in 4k is amazing. the difference is not subtle and if you have an hdr ready tv then you are really in for a surprise.     i have owned playstation since the first one but they have taken it to a whole different level with 4k gaming.
i currently own a ps4 and now a ps4 pro and upon comparing the same game side by side on the same brand and model 4k 55" tvs both set at default there is no noticeable differences between the 2 systems as far as graphic are compared.. i used re7 as my demo game since this was built for the pro engine.. as for load speed there is a bit of a jump with the pro but not much. if the extra $100 for 500gb of extra storage is worth it than go for it or you just want there most advanced to date.. the pro also is not packaged with a game so another loss... now i also did a same comparison with the xbox 1s running re7 and the ps4 is better with load time and graphics so imo ps4 is still ahead of the curve!
while the ps4 pro is a minimal upgrade from the standard ps4 it is one that you can definitely notice if you have a 4k tv at home. it is worth it if you can afford it but just keep in mind these have a history of being unnecessarily noisy and running very hot. if you have this issue return it while within the return window because it is not normal. i returned mine because the fan was even running in rest mode and the new one i got works great. i just think it is a problem with the first batch of these that went out. other than that i love it. my games that are enhanced for pro mode look great!
i am an xbox fan have been forever bought this so the family could play vr. also to play the playstation only games as well. the reason for 4 stars is that it does not have a 4k dvd player. the amount of money i had to pay this should have one.
while i like the xbox one and switch, the playstation 4 is my favorite in the latest group of consoles. the library of titles and range of genres is unmatched. the ps4 pro does not make a huge difference unless you have a 4k tv so you may want to account for that if you are in the market to get a new ps4. but i am very satisfied with the upgrade and i am looking forward to all of the great experiences that are on track for the console in the years to come.
bought to replace an electrically-fried ps4 (non-slim).     noise level is noticeable, this is much quieter. after about 7 hours of restoring (seriously annoying) data backed up from old ps4, it was like i never stopped. games load faster, the upgraded gpu is noticeable (sharper images, higher fps, much quicker navigation).
i was not sure if i would notice the graphics upgrade but it is definitely worth it. had an older 500 gb and the fan was so loud, i was sceptical as to if the pro would be the same (according to reviews) but it runs so fast and smooth and it is waaaay quieter. i do recommend.
if you already own the previous ps4 and not the ps4 pro, it may not be worth the upgrade. you will definitely need a 4k tv to get the most out of the ps4 pro. great graphics and i have not noticed any lag while playing graphically demanding games such as uncharted 4. it does not support 4k blu ray, but i personally purchase my movies digitally via google play and stream them through my chromecast ultra 4k and you can still stream 4k shows and movies in the netflix, amazon and a few other apps although the selection is limited at this time. if you absolutely need a 4k blu ray player and game system, then you will want to get an xbox one s. i prefer the ps4 pro due to the games exclusively for that system and the optional vr.
the ps4 pro itself is what you would expect from a sony flagship console. it functions largely the same as the previous iteration with the welcome enhancement of 4k or uhd and hdr video output. this is, however, only noticeable on uhd/hdr tvs. if your current set is only standard hd (1920x1080) the extra horsepower needed to output in the higher resolution of uhd is not going to be very noticeable, outside of some faster load and install times. the standard 1tb hardrive is a great feature but given how easy it is to swap that out in the previous iteration, that should not be the sole selling point here if you own a standard hd tv. overall great console with razor sharp visuals if you have the tv to display it.
the ps4 pro has the best selection of games for all genres. uncharted 4 and last of us will satisfy the adventurous, and games like doom and titanfall 2 are great for twitch shooter fans. the ps4 also has a very wide selection of rpgs as well with fallout 4 and final fantasy xv. the improved hardware of the ps4 pro is also utilized by virtual reality in games such as skyrim vr.     the 4k and hdr look amazing in the games that are supported, but unfortunately there is no 4k disk playback (resulting in the loss of a 5 star review ). the lack of ability to play 4k movies from a disk is a disappointment, but the services such as netflix and youtube work in 4k.   it is still the best system overall.  such games, much joy!
so like most of us that have a ps4 already why bother upgrading ? simple answer , new much faster processing power. from overall operation , load times and more important...download speeds. just go buy this. the trade in deals are pretty generous for your pre owned ps4. faster 4k hdr resolution ready , new controller and just a bit more polished feel. you will be happy you bought it.
the ps4 is the best gaming system i have ever owned, to put it simply. the graphics are unbelievable, especially if you hook it up to a 4k tv. i love that it tells you if your tv is not configured properly for 4k, since many do not come out of the box ready to roll. the menus make sense and operate smoothly and the system is very reliable. i love the remote play option so i can still play via my laptop if the tv is otherwise in use. such a smart feature! if you are into gaming, check this beast out.
if you have a 4k tv or want a supersampled image out your game. ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console. newer games almost universally support the pro so if you can afford it, get this instead of a regular ps4. only reason i did not give the system 5 stars, is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x.
i bought this as a gift for my son who has playstation 4 500 gb. he needs more memory because he is getting the kingdom hearts iii game that is being released on 01/29/18. we have a 4k tv so we are looking forward to playing the new one to showcase its graphics.
great product, expected nothing less from playstation. love the 4k on my big screen and the storage space is great for all my new games. best buy had the best deal searching all over the web. the only complaint was the box it was packed in was all torn up and damaged but there was no problem with the system or other components.
i have been reading online about the ps4 pro for over a month to see if it is worth upgrading to the ps4 pro from the original. i finally decided to go for it and i am happy i did. the graphics in my games looks absolutely stunning. colors are deeper and brighter. i have the ps4 pro hooked up to my samsung js8500 with hdr (hdmi uhd color) on. i have been playing call of duty infinite warfare and it feels like a different gameplay. the details are insane. i wish it had a 4k blu ray player though. this console definitely beats xbox one s on gaming. which i returned after 2 days because the 4k blu ray was horrible. anyways this is worth the upgrade if you have a 4k tv.
i skipped the xbox one s because it had no atmos assuming that sony would never be so shortsighted as to release a new console without the latest bd tech - a tech they invented. so now i have a $9000 4k/uhd atmos home theater and no consoles that fully support next-gen video and audio. this is a sad day for playstation. at least microsoft can fix their issue with a firmware update. sony just lost the race before it even started. $400 for half the storage and half the functionality as its main competitor.
i got a day one edition ps4 and finally decided to upgrade to a pro. it was easy to set up and transfer my data from the old ps4 to the pro. i used a ethernet to do it when i was setting up the pro. also the picture looked so much better on a non 4k tv so i eventually had to upgrade my tv as well to get the full effect and i have not been let down. wish i purchase one sooner
upgraded from my regular 500gb ps4 to a ps4 pro and it was the best decision i have made with any video game product.  the extra hard drive space alone was great but another thing i was very pleased with was how the pro runs so much smoother and quieter than the regular system.  whether you are a casual or hardcore gamer, i highly recommend upgrading to a pro. worth every penny.
i have owned both a ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can confirm that games run better on the playstation 4 pro. nier automata and dark souls 3 have better framerates. if you have got a 4k television with hdr, you can take advantage of whatever games use those technologies. it also has a "boost mode" that allows games that are not enhanced for ps4 pro to utilize the beefier specs of the ps4 pro. i have noticed some games running better using boost mode that did not receive an update for the ps4 pro specs. if you are in the market for a ps4, i would recommend getting the ps4 pro.
i got the ps4 pro for the pure power and performance as well as extra storage space. i noticed the performance of the pro to be a lot better in all the games that are currently out to date. load times were a lot faster as well and each game i played was smooth in terms of fps and overall performance.
after 10+ years, i finally decided to buy a modern video game system. i spent a weekend with my nephew and we stayed up all night playing his ps4... i realized what i had been missing. unfortunately, i let some of my friends talk me into buying an xbox. i hated it immediately and took it back to pick up the ps4 pro. i have been very impressed with the graphics, game play, and overall usability of the ps4. part of the reason i did not like the xbox was the game library was missing some titles like a solid mlb game and some rpgs i wanted to play. ps4 has a huge game library and full of options for every genre. very impressed.
bought for daughter and she loves! holds up better than the ms xbox, but you buy these for the games and if you use a lot of sony games, then you need this.  unit functions well, no issues, no overheating, connects well via wifi and with the sony platform. no issues with the controllers and connects well to non-sony brands.  no issues with disk error, smooth game play.  unit was on sale, so got a great deal. with all gaming consoles, i recommend getting an extended warranty for accidents.
the ps4 pro is a very slight update. let is face it, they really want to reel you win with all the buzz about the new processing speed, hdr, etc. honestly, the ps4 as it is is a beast. this is just made for 4k tv owners mainly, but you can still reap the nice upgrade and enjoy a more robust engine and faster load times (sort of)    i am a playstation fan through and through but i also love my xbox one s.the 2 new consoles are fantastic pieces of machinery and both do amazing jobs of rendering their games. i guess it is a matter of choice.     entirely they are both great machines and have amazing libraries of exclusive content and the general titles.
ps4 pro is the way to go!!!   the controller is compact and the buttons are easy to find. the picture is clear with an array of games to choose from. if you’re going to switch to a play station console or you’re looking to invest/uprgrade to the newest play station console. the ps4 pro is the way to go! ps: do not just take my advice, look through the reviews and do your own research. youtube is a great place to go and get in depth reviews concerning any gaming console.
i have been using an xbox one x for a while and although it is my go to system the ps4 pro holds its own. it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv. its super easy to upgrade the hard drive to an ssd which you ca not with xbox. i love the exclusives like gow which is the reason i picked this up.
i was skeptical seeing this and purchases around the time of the x coming out. owning the original ps4 made me feel like a fool (early adopter syndrom). after getting a oled c7 65, i had to test it out so decided for the upgrade and amazing! games like dark souls 3 and destiny 2 finally make me excited for this generation! and replaying older games with the "boost" mode is phenomenal! recommend if you have a 4k tv only though!
the ps4 pro is great! i am mainly a pc gamer, but i picked this up mainly for the exclusives and some games i enjoy playing with a controller more than a keyboard / mouse. this console compliments my 4k hdr tv fantastically! i was previously using an xbox one for gaming on my tv, but the resolution increase from the ps4 pro is a major improvement and very noticeable. i have been an xbox fan since the original xbox and do not get me wrong i still have my xbox, but at the current time ps4 is just getting more and better exclusives. i am primarily a pc gamer, so most of xbox is exclusives are also on the pc.
system is quiet, runs games smoothly and graphics are nice. the main thing that made this a easy choice is the exclusive games list for the system. check out game ratings for "the last of us". i cant play those games on any other system or even on pc. the dual shock 4 controller surprised me in that i can aim easily on shooter games, it has a built in speaker and no need to buy batteries for the controller. awesome system and exclusive games!
i recently switched from the day 1 ps4 to the pro. i absolutely love the 4k upscaling for my ps4 games, it was impressive seeing details that i never saw before. i also love how quiet the fan is compared to that of the original ps4 that i got on launch day.
i recently bought an ultra hd 4k television, but no device to run anything at 4k. i have an xbox one, but it only runs at 1080p. i rarely even use it now that i bought the ps4-pro! the ultra hd 4k is beautiful. even if i am streaming shows on netflix. the only problem is that it does not come with an ultra hd 4k blu ray player. just a standard blu ray player. i usually stream so i have no problem with that. so over all the system is nice. not to mention the ps4 has the best exclusive games.
the ps4 is great. it does everything i would expect from a playstation plus some added perks. i like having the larger hard drive and purchasing the games digitally instead of on disc. this makes accessing them so much easier and faster. i lose some flexibility of taking the games with me, but that does not happen often enough.  hook up was easy, boot up is fast, games look great.
i own both consoles, ps4 and xbox one. i have a 4k hdr television so decided to sell my old ps4 and pick up a ps4 pro. i can say i am very happy with the performance increase and games running in hdr look amazing. i think that developers still need a little time with the system before we truly see games worth spending money to upgrade but games like death stranding and horizon zero dawn should help sell the ps4 pro. and even if you do not have a 4k television the pro runs games at solid frames in 1080p. highly recommend getting the ps4 pro if you want the best ps4 gaming experience.
i was trying to decide. xbox one x or ps4 pro. i had just purchased an xbox one s a year ago and still had my launch version ps4. the ps4 was $349 at the time and the xbox one x was $499. i knew xbox one x was the more powerful console, but decided to go with the pro. huge upgrade over my ps4. madden 18 looks amazingly better on the pro. glad i went with the pro since i had more games in my library than i did on xbox one.
what more can you ask for. great hdr gaming for your ps4 titles. you can stream video but only 4k can be seen in streaming. quieter then the slim model too and tons of rooms for your games to. plus you are able to add an external drive to save games on.
my ps4 was on the way out and i loved my ps4 exclusive games so i maxed the decision to get the ps4 pro. it does everything the ps4 does but better.     the only drawback is the lack of native 4k. it performs some visual tricks to get close, but it does not quite get threre (it still looks good though).    if native 4k is important to you, get an xbox one x, but if you do not care about that, the ps4 pro is an excellent device.
this console is faster, smoother and the high functionality on the graphics end is super incredible. i own a 4k tv so i needed this upgrade and transferring from the original ps4 to the ps4 pro has never been easier. the game imageries are stunning especially with horizon zero dawn..forget vr because you feel like you are actually in the moment with the character. downloads are faster and 1 tb storage is obviously a huge plus.. so happy i got this... try it out for yourself i promise you wo not be disappointed.
i have been wanting to get a ps4 for several years, and finally broke down during sony is days of play sale during e3. the ps4 pro console delivered fully on my expectations, but be aware that although this is equipped for 4k gaming, it does not have a 4k blu-ray player for movies. bit of a silly choice on sony is part, but if you have a separate player for 4k flicks it is really not a big deal. i have been enjoying gaming on this system for a month now and have zero regrets.
having been an xbox owner for many years it was time to get a new console to play some of the games that were coming out that were only for the newer generation consoles. my choice ultimately came down to the console specific games available for each. i have not been disappointed. performance and graphics are both great, no complaints at all.
tbh i have not gamed much in the last 3 years, but when i got a 4k tv this fall, i could not resist the urge to try out the next gen of games given how gorgeous they look. and i have not been disappointed, games like horizon zero dawn are absolutely stunning and when you combine the gorgeous imagery, open worlds and computer power of the ps4 pro, it is an incredible gaming experience.
it has been a great buy from my base launch ps4. it is quieter and a lot more power efficient..as well as having no lags or stutters when switching between apps and games seamlessly. you can tell a difference in graphics as well..things look crisper and cleaner even on an 8 year old plasna screen.
favorite gaming console i have ever played or owned. the apps for video streaming have awesome, full-featured interfaces, and often allow for more audio options (2.1 vs. 5.1 surround) than the desktop webapps or other consoles.  i do not have a 4k tv, so i ca not speak to the enhanced features, but the extra usb3 connection on the back for an external hard-drive is very much appreciated, and the power / eject buttons are in a better location, on a matte (instead of glossy) button, so it is slightly easier to read the insanely tiny icons to figure out which is which.  it is the console, it plays the games, what more is there to say? we are all really just waiting for "death stranding", and that is all that matters, right??
what can i say it is a playstation, all the usual goodness but with some upgrades. games have been awesome on my 55" qled and so far the hardware has been solid. definitely notice a few things over the pro that are better than my standard ps4, the wifi is much faster and i notice my games do not really go berserk as much as my original ps4 so i am assuming it has better internals. a must if you have a 4k tv.
the best playstation i have ever used i used to play on every new ps but this one is phenomenal with the 4k and a lot of storage but my only issue its kinda loud when you download games or play for couple hours but other than that . thank you sony :)
it will some key titles look amazing if that is if they have been enhanced but other titles that have not yet can also benefit if you turn on boost feature for faster loading times and smoother gameplay. if you have a 4k tv and are thinking about upgrading you will notice the improvement more so than if you own a regular 1080p tv or lower resolution
i bought the ps4 pro this is one great console it is quieter than the regular ps4 it is faster in processing games apps, you notice it more in games. it has a usb port in the back so you can install an external hard drive and hide the wires the finish is great same finish as the ps2 which i have always liked what else can be said graphics are amazing i bought a sony 4k tv and it looks amazing even on netflix. i highly recommend getting a 4k tv to appreciate the ps4 pro new features and hardware.
for the reviewers that say that the physical format is dead, has no clue that blu-ray and ultra blu-ray are still selling. yes the playstation pro 4 wo not have an ultra blu-ray drive, but that is because sony is releasing a player in the spring of 2017. streaming ca not measure up to the physical disc in any shape or form. sorry people the physical format will be around for very long time.
i purchased one $399.99 on black friday, but on cyber monday, it was selling at $399.99 with a free game "call of duty: infinite warfare legacy edition", so i returned it and order the one with free game! the graphic is great, ca not compared since this is my first game console and i think it is kind of slow for me, i was expecting faster because it is a pro. i dont know if it was my wifi speed or the game console. overall, i enjoyed playing games with this pro. and would order more games from bestbuy once bb has great deals on games!
i upgraded after trying out a ps4 slim for 3-4 months. i wanted a better game play experience and to take advantage of the 4k uhd features. we have used xbox 360 in our home in the past and decided to give ps a chance since it allows offline game play for downloaded games, something i read was not completely possible with xbox one initially. i am happy with the purchase. switching my profiles and game data from the slim to the pro was easy as well. i kept checking the settings on both manually to make sure everything transferred correctly.  i could not believe how fast and accurate the transfer was because doing so with pcs\laptops takes days.
this is the very first playstation i have ever owned. this is a very solid console. the graphics power has been upgraded and you can definitely tell the better contrast in colors as well as the brightness in certain game scenes. i would definitely recommend this console to anyone that is either an occasional gamer or a hardcore gamer. at times it does get loud and pretty hot but just keep the console in an open area and you should be fine.
had owned a older ps4 but really wanted the newer pro version with 4k.  honestly it is a huge difference the gaming quality along with graphics is 100 times better .  best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent. i would totally recommend going to this best buy
i went from ps3 directly to a pro and i love it. the new interface and sleep mode are great. i wish you did not need to have a playstation plus account to get the most out of it. i recently purchased a samsung ks8000 tv with 4k and hdr. it is like i am playing different games. the details on the graphics and the colors are phenomenal. if you do not have the tv to take advantage of the new hardware a regular ps4 might be the way togo but if you have the proper tv the upgrade is quite noticeable
this is the 2nd ps4 pro i have gotten. i had to buy one for my stepson. he is an xbox gamer and has been frustrated with their lack of games. i got this for him so he could be the ultimate console peasant and have both systems. the exclusive ps4 games are too good to miss. god of war, spiderman, horizon zero dawn, days gone and so many more. plus i can now play online with him on the same platform.
traded my old ps4 in to upgrade to the pro and overall i am very happy. i have been addicted to the psvr and it made a major improvement on the vr graphics and frame rate. the system itself does run noticeably faster and the loading times are noticeably lower. overall if you are a psvr owner or if you do not own a ps4, i would recommend the upgrade. if you do not own a psvr, a 4k tv, or if you already own a ps4, i do not feel it is worth the upgrade.
did not think i would get this when i already have a regular ps4 but after research and knowing the perks of the system, i figured it is worth it. faster load and download times especially during system upgrades. of course better graphics. best price for it during the holidays get it while you can! have not played or set it up but soon. and the the pro enhances the psvr as well.
i bought this because i got the original ps4 near launch and wanted to have the best console available. i primarily play call of duty multiplayer so i use a 4k gaming monitor instead of a laggy tv. although the gameplay is smoother, i did not notice a huge leap in graphics visualization. although in my case because it is a monitor i do not get hdr. i am sure someone who plays single player games on a 4k tv would see a better result. all in all i got this because i am a playstation fan but was unimpressed at the results.
i was skeptical buying the pro since it was not a new generation system. i am glad i bought it to go with my 4k tv. the up conversion of the games is awesome. i have been an xbox person for the past 10 years and i do have the xbox1 slim and since i got the pro i have not turn on my xbox. if you got the extra cash get it and enjoy.
ps4 pro is an amazing console, it looks really good when your not on a 4k tv and it really plays the games smooth with out any lag issues. when your connected to a 4k tv the quality of your games are improved 10x better with no game lag issues. have found nothing wrong with the system except it ca not play 4k blu-ray movies at the moment, down the road sony will probably update the system to support 4k blu-rays.
i love this system compared to my og ps4. obviously a quicker system compared to the regular ps4 when it comes to hardware specs. looks great on my 4k tv. loads quicker then my friends. i always see stuff before they do. worth the price upgrade if you want to experience certain games at a higher level of clarity.
i had gotten this console for christmas and it is great. everything worked right out of the box and the games on it looks amazing on a 4k tv. it does put off a lot of heat though, with all of that extra power, so be careful putting it in enclosed spaces. great console over all and i would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a ps4. the upgrade from the ps4 to the pro might not be justified by the performance increase. but if you do upgrade, you wont regret it.
i already had a ps4.    i wanted to upgrade to a ps4 pro not for 4k but for more fluid and smooth graphics. meaning a smoother gameplay experience.    so far i played the witcher 3 and deus ex mankind divided with my new ps4 pro noticing differences, in a better framerate and slightly better textures.    also i experienced less to no framerate drops while playing final fantasy xv and devil may cry 4 se in areas and gameplay situations when it had frame drops.    also the extra room for more games and apps is abig plus.    my only complain is that sony should provide a longer charging cord for its controllers. thats why a dropped a star.
i recently purchased a 4ktv from best buy & i decided to upgrade my ps4 to a ps4 pro. the graphics look amazing for a game like god of war the colors are breathtaking. i would only recommend a pro if you have a 4k tv, if not just stick with your regular ps4.
the item is rock solid and the picture produced by this unit is amazing. too bad it does not play 4k discs but i buy most of my content digitally through itunes so not a big deal. the picture is amazing when viewing in 4k. you need to get this and pair it up with a descent 4k tv to be blown away.
very disappointing!!!    "there is no ultra hd blu-ray drive in the new ps4 pro console, although it will include 4k and hdr apps from netflix and youtube."  xbox one s is the only game console with a uhd blu-ray drive for 4k movie playback  maybe sony will change their mind and include a ultra hd blu-ray drive. i hope so!!! . it is a deal breaker for me
i was hesitant to upgade my original version of ps4 since i do no have 4k tv. but i decided to give it a try and i am so glad that i did it. pro version is faster and better in every ways. graphic is improved even with my 1080p tv. loading and connecting online game servers are much improved. i strongly recommend for players on the fence about upgrading with 1080p tv. go for it and you wo not regret it.
although it upscales and the uniques checkerboard tech that sony uses to achieve a almost 4k look actually makes it hard not to tell its not 4k. of course its not perfect. i have a gtx 1080 on my pc and run a lot of games at 4k and the difference in native is not super noticeable its more of a nit pick. games run smooth and clean although the hdr is not working on netflix for some reason right now. this is a great cheap gaming pc like console but do not expect it to beat a high end pc of course.
great console.just upgraded from ps4 to pro.you will not feel the difference unless you buy a 4k tv and if the tv supports hdr that is a plus.i bought hisense 55 tv to use it with the console and the difference in picture is noticeable .things like high quality textures,dynamic lighting effects and dynamic environment will look great on pro.i played /horizon zero dawn on it and the details in the game blew my mind.
playstation has lived up to it is reputation for delivering a great product with the stylish features all the classic systems never had. this system is still a better upgrade from the slim. the downloads are way faster for the updates and the online purchased games. i also do not think i will run out of space for games in a good while.
did not think i would see a huge difference from my ps4 vs ps4 pro on my new 4k tv but it felt like a whole new gaming experience.. now i have to go back and play thru some games i already beat to feel like i got my money is worth (i sure did)!!
i had the ps4 slim gold, but decided to switch to a ps4 pro. i gotta say that i am very glad i made the switch. the graphics are stunning and the performance is excellent! if you have a 4k tv, you definitely need a ps4 pro to make the experience better!
joining the ps4 family late in the game, i am truly blow away with the power of this the system. visuals are stunning, sound wonderful, and setup was extremely simple from unboxing to start of the first game. further, the wide variety of available titles is second to none. a solid purchase.
i upgraded from a ps4 and i could notice the difference in smoothness. things run quicker and the graphics are noticeably better. i play pc games as well so comparing quality of the graphics is a bit difficult. i noticed a major difference in games like horizon where the game actually utilizes the extra power of the ps4 pro. best part of this purchase is the geek squad protection plan. if they release a new one i will upgrade to the next one.
for people who already own a ps4:  worth the upgrade so long as you own an hdr capable 4k tv. the increased resolution and color depth it is appreciable but the full potential of this tech will probably be fully realized later on down the line.    for those who do not own a ps4: just buy this version, there is no reason to buy the base console if you game with any sort of regularity. regardless if you own a 4k tv or not, you will probably upgrade at some point over the next 3-4 years, at which point you have something ready to go to take advantage of that purchase
very happy so far with the upgrade. first time i have seen actual full gameplay that looks better than the cut scenes. i would prefer the eject and game cd entries were designated clearer, but i adjusted. speed of the menues, setup, connection to wifi etc took no time to set up. i like the controller speakers and headphone connect thru controller, wish the provided headset was double not single, but it is cool. extra controllers are very expensive. very happy so far.
i bought this thinking it would be revolutionary but instead its just good. its amazing playing the games in 4k but it either lets you choose between 4k 30fps or 1080 60fps. if you never owned a ps4 then i would get this because you will be amazed but if you already have a ps4 i do not think its worth buying a new ps4 pro becayse its similar. its probably slightly better. if a ps4 is a 7/10 the ps4 pro is a 8.5/10.
i got it the same day it came. great product. all previous games look sharper due to ssaa (super sampling) it is a method where the game is rendered at a higher resolution and downscaled back. some games that have a patch for pro look better and/or more detailed. some even lets you run at 60fps which makes games more fluid. to me it runs more silent than a regular ps4 and about the same heat when playing games. overall great product and satisfied customer.
i got rid of my ps4 to get this ps4 pro, and it was very much worth it. i have a 4k tv as well so the picture is great. the fan is not that loud too, which is a problem i had with my other ps4, even after i cleaned it. i recommend for sure.
i have always been console agnostic but found myself almost exclusively using my xbox one and then xbox one s for the past year and a half or so. i owned an original ps4 and ended up selling it a few months back as i had not been using it and felt i would be getting a pro at some point. i also ended up getting a 4k tv. i decided to fire up the last of us remastered to test it out, and wow... even for an upgraded ps3 game, the 4k and smooth frame rate make for an amazing experience. i ca not wait wait for horizon zero dawn and the last of us 2. if releasing newer more powerful versions of consoles more often is the way of the future, sign me up.
i own both xbox and playstation. i think the major difference is playstation is more for hardcore gamers who really want to immerse themselves in the graphics and gameplay, where xbox is more of a social gamer, who plays every now and then and wants more entertainment value out of their system. each has their own exclusives which are great, but currently, i am leaning more towards the playstation ones, with the last of us, uncharted and horizon zero dawn.
games are graphically amazing and the ps4 operating system runs seamlessly. i am able to multi-task by listening to music while i play my games and everything just runs so smoothly. games like littlebigplanet 3, resogun, and driveclub look so good and the pro has so much more power. the 1tb hard drive is perfect for people like me with tons of playstation plus games. i love the blu-ray player too. overall one of the best purchases i have ever made.
the ps4 pro works great. activating the boost mode has allowed me to run every game i have thrown at it perfectly. might not be the best purchase for people who already own a ps4 with a 1080p monitor, but for new owners and/or 4k tv owners it is a great choice.
sony has outdone themselves with the ps4pro. the design is superb. this console can fit in with some of your most expensive tech equipment. the control is tightly built, and the new light bar is easy to glance at. the processing power of the pro is def worth the upgrade. games look so much better (especially if you have a 4k) and streaming 4k is a breeze. you can multitask a lot easier with less stutter compared to the normal playstation 4.
picture quality is great particularly with" enhanced for playstation pro" games (check back of game box for this) and get this: you can hook up an external hard drive. finally! there are many other improvements as well. also it plays 4k games. it does not play 4k blue-ray movies. but not to worry, my xbox 4 s does play 4k movies on my 4k tv. i could not be happier. for now the pro model is the one to get.
i upgraded it is a good investment. lots of games have pro enhancements. some games are running better with more stable frame rates. but some are not or do not have pro enhancements.am still satisfied. also top comes off , to clean fan without voiding your warranty. 1 terabyte is a plus runs silent 99.9% of the time .some games are immediately possible to visually see the pro enhancements as you switch between options example rise of the tomb raider
picked up the pro model with god of war. i bought a 4k hdr tv back in november when the xbox one x came out, i have been extremely happy with that system so the upgrade for my ps4 was a logical step. if you have an hdr screen, the pro is worth every penny.
i was hesitant to upgrade to the ps4 pro over my older launch edition ps4, but i am really glad that i did. i have paired it with my 70-inch 4k tv and it is amazing the difference. when playing nioh the framerate is now rock solid and there are no "jaggies". the last of us remastered looks amazing upscaled to 4k as well. i would say it is a really worthy upgrade if you have a 4k display...if you do not then hold off.
i absolutely love my ps4 pro. everything i run through it just seems to work much better than my old ps4 and is nowhere near as loud. i will say that this thing is a beast - heavy and large and takes up some serious real estate. i suppose that is the price you pay for cutting edge performance. current ps4 owners, especially those who game casually, should not upgrade in my opinion as there just is not enough of a reason to justify the switch.
i bought this for my husband and he absolutely loves all the games and apps he can play on this console. after selling his first one he bought a second one and after selling his second one he wanted a third. (he thought video games were taking up too much of his time) finally at his third and hopefully last, he still loves this ps4 and now his has more memory!
i have had ps systems from the first. jumping into a mid-gen upgrade console was a hard choice. there was nothing wrong with my old ps4. the need for an expanded hdd and better quality graphics did answer some desires. the old one went to the bed room. this one has earned a place in the high end entertainment center. the graphics upgrades are noticeable. the extra hard drive space is going to get some exercise.
yes, yes, yes is the answer to your question. if you have a 4k tv and you have chosen ps4 games that are mastered for the pro then yes, yes, yes you should buy this. if you do not have a 4k tv or you do not play games mastered for the pro then do not buy this. playstation has basically created this system for people with big tvs... if you do not have a big tv then buy the regular console. but if you do, prepare to be amazed at the graphics.
this is the playstation 4 we should have started out with. boost mode is sweet for handling frame slowdown in games. 4k looks stunning but be prepared to put out more money for a 4k monitor if you want performance and graphics. if you play seriously online gaming you need a monitor for lag input performance.
it is hard to dispute the fact that this console is much better than the base ps4 model. upgraded components and the ability to enjoy 4k gaming is worth the upgrade. although not all the titles are 4k compatible it is still worth it to enjoy the ones that are. loading speeds are faster. overall performance is faster. i am glad i got this console for our living room. moved my other ps4 to my bedroom.
bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up. best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset, so opted for the pro. i do not own a 4k tv yet so ca not speak on 4k capabilities but did provide a slight picture quality upgrade on my current tv. happy overall
with the xbox one x on the horizon, this was a difficult purchase to justify -- until my pros and cons list was tilted due to console exclusives and the fact that i had a recently purchased 4k hdr tv waiting to flex its muscles.     the system is incredible, the games amazing -- the pro graphics, totally worth the extra $150 if you have the complimentary tv.
i love the new ps4 pro so far. i got it because i bought new 4k oled tv witch i also hilly recommend. i have only played a few games on it so far and ca not wait to get some time to pick up some more and try them on it. i wound not recommend it if you already have a ps4 and you are not upgrading your tv.
while i doubt that people like myself with regular 1080p hdtvs will see too much difference in overall clarity or details, the ps4 pro does offer some such improvements even on regular hdtv sets. i have really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana, dragon quest xi, and other upcoming games next year.
i love my ps4 pro. the games are awesome. picture quality is better than the standard ps4 but unfortunately the ps4 pro is not a 4k player like the xbox one x. if you want a more powerful machine i would go with the xbox one x. if you want a better selection of games then the ps4 pro is the better choice.
i had the original ps4 and the disc drive on the two i had were loud. this takes away that issues. the so call 4k upgrade is not native but still your games look better.if you are on the verge of this or xbox one x you should stick with this that have awesome games. make games and number still growing will take advantage of the pro upgrades.
i finally upgraded my playstation3 to 4 pro. i have a 4k tv and the images are stunning. i mainly play mlb the show, gran turismo, and madden. the two playstation exclusives marry me to sony. the graphics on those games are smoother and even more life-like than the ps3. having a blast so far.
the ps4 pro turned out to be a great gaming console when paired with a 4k hdr tv and hdr enabled games. it outputs pc like graphics that are almost hard to believe that are coming out of a gaming console.  the controller ergos are great, but the controller depletes the battery charge in a...”spirited” manner. a 2nd controller ready to jump in and take control of the situation is recommended to avoid your session coming to a screeching halt.  i only do local gaming sessions on the console and nothing else, so i ca not comment on any other features that the ps4 pro has available in it is bag-o-tricks.
after my launch ps4 started getting louder and louder, i finally decided to upgrade. no regrets. it looks nice on my 4k tv and runs quiet. great system! is it an earth-shattering difference? not really, but it is very noticeable in some games. worth it if you are original system is getting old or if you are getting a ps4 for the first time.
i was so skeptical that the ps4 pro would look any different from a standard ps4....i was wrong. this system compliments my new sony 4k tv very well. it made games more detailed and realistic without suffering from lag that most tv may have. i played a demo for rise of the tom raider and it was jaw dropping and that was the beginning. there is a ton more content out to be explored.
what can i say that has not already been said? this ps4 console is super sleek, 4k hdr games look amazing, and exclusives are miles above competitors. my only wish is that it had a 4k blu-ray player, but with that format is questionable future and adoption, the lack of it is not a total dealbreaker.
the pro is a beast! i did not buy this machine to watch movies and could care less. i have owned all the ps consoles and do not watch movies on them anyway. the gaming is incredible though! what a difference from the ps4. i ripped through a bunch of games just to see the difference. amazing.
cleaning lady knocked my basic ps4 of the shelf and destroyed it so i needed to get a new one. i figure an upgrade seemed like a good idea. i have not been disappointed. i do not have a 4k television but i notice the difference in movie rentals, netflix, and games. i bought the new uncharted and the quality is amazing. so crisp and real. i am extremely happy with my purchase
the ps4 pro is a great graphical overhaul over the base ps4, with 4k hdr capabilities and better frame rates. my only problem with this system is the lack of extra memory support, meaning it still does not allow you to use an external hard drive. other then this issue its a great buy and cant wait to play more 4k ready or hdr ready games
i had the regular playstation 4 and was amazed when i upgraded to the ps4 pro it looks amazing with a 4k tv. i also like that it is 1 terabyte and when you pair it with another hardrive you do not have to worry about deleting games. overall i am a big fan of this console and all the exclusives that come with playstation
upgraded from original ps4, and i have to say there is noticeable difference in performance on all fronts. games, ui, multitasking, and vr. hooking it up to a 4k tv with hdr is truly impressive. online videos/reviews do not really do this justice until you see it with your own eyes.
i am an xbox fan, but this playstation is very nice, the 1 terabyte is great.  only drawback load time, but that was alway playstations draw back. if you can wait 10-15 minutes then you have no problems. it is powerful and graphics are top line. it is the upgrade that all playstation owners must do.  if you are a playstation fan, go out and get one today.
wow. well worth the wait to get the pro. the graphics, frame rate in games are top notch. sound is awesome. best system out there if you ask me. playing games through the pro on my 70” sony tv and my 7.1 surround sound is out of this world. just go buy one.
i bought this hoping it would help with my psvr despite the reviews that there wasent a big difference, and had to have my own take on it. i can see a difference myself it is seems a lot smoother and i believe the games look better in appearance!!!! other than that the 4k experience is worth it in itself. love this machine!!!! playstation rules!!!!!
having used the ps3 for years, i waited a while before upgrading. all i can say is wow, i should have upgraded sooner! at first, everything is completely different, but now that i have gotten familiar with things, it is so much nicer. things are more refined and the graphics are so much nicer.
i absolutely love my ps4 pro. it definitely is a worthy upgrade to my release ps4, and pairing it with my sony 75xbr850d really shows what 4k is all about. if you only need 4k gaming and streaming, them this is the one for you. sorry no 4k blu-ray. look to the xb1x for that.
while i do enjoy the upgrades and appreciate the fact that 4k is now supported i am still pretty underwhelmed. maybe my expectations were too high? i still ca not believe sony did not put a uhd player in this. even though i do not see myself getting another xbox, at least microsoft added one and at a lower price point! i am still happy with my purchase but sony oughta wake up because ms is definitely on course to surpass them big time. i ca not believe how out of touch they are! i would not recommend getting this unless you just really want 4k support, which i did. there is not really much else about it to necessitate an upgrade.
well finally i have a system that will utilize the 4k native resolution. and when the games are given the patch for it, it is worth every penny spent on the system. amazing and better processing power. plus the graphics boost during the vr experiences makes this the go to system. if you have your old ps4 system you will also get trade in value for the system. this will knock the price down.
i recently switched from a basic ps4 to a ps4 pro, and have really enjoyed my experience. ps4 pro is 4k capabilities are incredible with my 4k television, and i can tell a difference between regular, and pro albeit not a tremendous amount. if i have one con, it is the fact that ps4 pro is incapable of playing 4k blu ray discs. overall, i highly recommend this product for any true gamer.
bought this bad boy to upgrade my ps vr performance and that it did. i suffered from motion sickness while playing driveclub vr on the original ps4, with the ps4 pro, everything was smooth!! hdr and 4k upscale is pretty darn beautiful too! i upgraded to a 2tb hd and have been pretty happy with this console. no 4k br player but i do not need one as i do not own a single 4k br disc.
i upgraded from my first generation ps4 to go with my new lg oled. hdr games are spectacular. the enhanced colors are really noticeable on games like horizon and uncharted. i read some reviews that said the pro had a lot of fan noise but mine is dead quiet. it is much quieter than my first generation ps4 was.
i have just been playing on my ps3 until now. this is such an awesome improvement. i ca not comment on the graphics being better than the regular ps4, but all the little ps4 bits like live game streaming, 1tb storage, non-pita background downloads, and the user interface is a huge improvement over ps3 imho. game play is excellent as always. k, enough typing back to playing. cheers.
newer games were not being made for our old game systems so we decided on the ps4. more storage was our main reason. downloading full games and add ons still take a long time, but we were able to still play other games while multiple downloads were going on. the controllers charge faster. one controller comes with the ps4 and it feels much nicer than the other game controllers.
pros: 1 tb hdd, native 4k support for netflix and video providers extra usb 3.0 port in the back, toslink optical digital audio port. sata iii data controller.     cons: no uhd drive for 4k bluray movies. weak gpu, more powerful than the xbox one and original ps4 that is true but the system is not powerful enough to run 4k games natively.    final thoughts: the system is nice but i wish it was better but you ca not deny the improvements over the standard ps4 and for the price difference it is a no brainer. if you want to get a ps4 this is the one to get. i ca not recommend the standard remodeled ps4 anymore since it is lacking the optical out port that the original ps4 had. so get the pro spend the extra $100
i have been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation. i love that the games now can be played in 4k native (at least some of them) i am a little disappointed you ca not play 4k movies like the xbox one but i can live with it. overall great console
if you are tired of your basic ps4, get up off of the couch, get in your car and drive down to the nearest best buy and trade in your old console for this beast. the gameplay is smoother, graphics are more rich, and overall interface runs more quickly. you do not have to get ready to stay ready. ps4 pro.
if you are a ps4 owner, clearly you are happy with your console. if you own a 4k tv, you are clearly happy with your television. if you have a ps4, it is technically hdr ready, but do you need the extra beef? i say yes.    the load-times improve, the graphics definitely look better and if you have a 4k tv, you can totally push the limits even more.    it is a matter of choice!
i spent a few months on the sidelines to see how the ps4 pro performed and what kind of reception it received. the games i play and want to play all have some sort of support for this system so i finally joined the field. i am extremely satisfied with the performance of this machine coupled with my new samsung 4k tv! the switch from 1080p never felt so good!!
i have had every playstation over the years. i eventually ended up skipping the original ps4 but was super happy to have gotten this a year later instead! games look great and controllers are nice. do not like the touch bar as much but it is a simple thing to ignore. great console!
the ps4 pro is awesome, perfect with my c9 lg, the graphics are unreal, this aint your daddy is old ps2, the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd is!  other than that it is the best gaming console you can buy, blows the xbox outta the water!
having come from a regular ps4 on a 10 year old lcd to a ps4 pro on a 4k tv i ca not tell you how much of an improvement it is. definitely worth it if you have the extra money lying around. really easy to transfer the data from your old ps4 as well.
basically a standard ps4 with a bit more power and 4k compatibility. i have to say, the upscale looks awesome on my 65 4k samsung 8500. and the full 4k games? amazing. my $2k laptop does not even touch 4k at these framerates. at the end of the day, it is a great console for the money, and even better if you have a 4k tv to display it on. no 4k bluray support.
i love the ps4 pro. the graphics are amazing and the game catalogue is huge with tons of great games in the $20 range. i literally bought 5 games for $100 when i purchased the system. i am also amazed by the available content through the ps4 dashboard. i dropped cable and signed up for psvue and now i only pay $35 a month for cable. i highly recommend this product.
if you do not already have a ps4 and are looking to buy one, this is probably the best option moving forward. the system is beefed up a bit in the pro, and the 4k support is great. very simple and straightforward packaging and setup. also having a terabyte of storage space is a huge and much needed improvement. highly recommended.
the ps4 pro is the perfect system to buy if you care about hdr and 4k gaming as well. my games look dramatically better, and its definitely a good investment for the future. the system is very powerful, easy to install and i would absolutely recommend over any other console out there at the moment.
honestly i bought myself a 65 inch 4k tv and playing games looks great however i got it more hoping sony will release a update to be able to play 4k movies..(still waiting) this is suppose to upscale movies to 4k but it does a horrible job at it, at first i thought it was my tv but i ended up getting a samsung 4k player and it is amazing how upscaling looks on that compare to the ps4 pro, the ps4 is deff meant more for gaming not movies which is unfortunate with that price i paid for the ps4 pro and i am not much of a gamer i should have just gotten the slim.
after owning the original ps4, the pro has slight upgrades to the original ps4. the visuals are a bit better and the load times are faster, but there are not too many games that utilize the system to its full potential. that could be a bit disappointing for some people. also the hdmi cable that was included with the system was more on the cheaper end of hdmi cables. i would recommend buy a better hdmi cable. overall, my best advice is if you have a 4k tv and feel the need to update your entertainment center, then the pro is the latest in video game entertainment. there just is not enough special features that would justify buying the system if you do not own a 4k tv.
coming from a ps3, this device was a huge upgrade. i have not really played any video games in a while but the graphics are awesome. the amount of feature this device has are awesome. i would definitely recommend to anyone on the fence of upgrading or not. if not just for the video game change, the amount of streaming or apps that is has are great.
i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room. it runs all my games better than before and runs much quieter than the original. my only complaint is that we ca not use vue on the same account in both rooms at the same time. all in all very happy with the purchase.
i bought this for near 4k graphics and the awesome selection of ps4 exclusive games.  so far, i have not been disappointed with either.  i am a big baseball fan so, getting a ps4 for mlb the show was a given but, horizon zero dawn and the upcoming spider-man game made this a must have for me.
got this to replace launch ps4 when i purchased a new tv. if you have a 4k tv with hdr, games designed to take advantage of these will look/run amazing. runs quiet, looks great, basically same footprint as launch version. great upgrade if you have the monitor and games to take advantage of it.
i originally owned the first release edition ps4. which worked great for years but lately i noticed things were taking longer and the fan was awful. about a month ago i got the pro and it was amazing. it runs so much better than my old console. and while you will need to own a 4k tv to truly experience the better graphics but even with my regular tv there was a definite improvement.
i have had many gaming systems over the years. the ps4 pro is by far the best. the graphics are amazing. the streaming is smooth and fast. and there are tons of great games. they are remaking many great older games such as kingdom hearts and final fantasy x for the ps4 as well. i hope they do more - i loved the old ps and ps2 games.
great gaming system. improved graphics and processor speed over our ps3. only wish it would play ps3 games as well. like with the ps3, it is a plus to have a built in blu ray player. the sort coming is no 4k blu ray, only games. despite these short comings we love this console.
if you have a 4k uhd tv, this is perfect. the system runs games designed for 4k flawlessly. i would recommend this to anyone who has or plans on purchasing a tv that can handle the 4k content but if not, stick with the original ps4 because it is a great system as well.
i have held off on buying a ps4, as my ps3 still plays quite a few of the games that i want. however, i decided to finally spring for one after seeing how gorgeous horizon dawn zero is. since it is even more optimized for pro, i went with that, since i also want to future-proof the purchase, being late to the game. the only thing i am disappointed by is the fact that it does not support 4k bluray. i mean, this should have been a no-brainer, sony. come on!
just bought this unit because i needed more space for my games. graphics are better and faster no lag time however ca not wait to get the vr unit, but have not found a game to invest on the additional accessories. overall i am happy with this unit and think it is better than the xbox.
graphics are out of this world sony by far makes the best product when it comes to gaming they have been around for 20 years and the reputation of being able to play continuously online without being hacked having adorable system that does not break down very sturdy reliable joystick or some of the factors that made me choose this product
i normally enjoy mario games but when we got this playstation 4 i have to admit that i also became sold on the games available. there is such wide variety and any skill level is able to manage the simple user interface. i look forward to many game playing evenings!!
everything runs in upscaled 4k. hard to notice the difference between native. console runs quietly and cool. upgrading the hdd to ssd or 7200 sata iii a very good idea for low load times. no uhd bluray but i ca not remember when i bought a bluray last. streaming will support dtx and atmos anyway. great build quality!
this is the first real gaming system we have had in many years. the graphics are beyond my expectations on our 4k television. the controller is light and responsive and the hard drive is definitely large enough. since i do not have a real comparable, i am more than satisfied. looking forward to many years of fun with the pro 4.
pros:   -the 1tb hdd  -the ps4 pro console hardware is virtually the same size as that of the regular ps4  -4k video output for select activities.    cons:   -the optical-out port on the back of the ps4 pro is finicky (it does not facilitate ease of use with certain shapes of fiber optic audio cables)  -the dual-purpose power+eject button is very poorly designed (it is one long bar-shaped button that often does not execute the user is attempt to "click" it to perform its intended action)  -the internal hdd ca not easily be accessed for the purpose of installing an after-market ssd/etc (the regular ps4 is internal hdd can be accessed via a partition built into the top shell of the console hardware)  -the framerate and general performance of ps4 games do not appear to benefit at all from the inclusion of the ps4 pro is upgraded components.
the last gaming system i had was an xbox 360 and i love it. then the xbox one comes out and it is nothing but a nightmare to me so when i finally after all these years was able to get my pro i can tell anyone that you wo not be disappointed to have gotten this system. it is the best thing that i bought and never had any issues with it. the only thing i will complain about is if you have a power outage or you accidentally shut something off it can damage the system if the pro is on so you have to be very careful with that and that always has me on guard. otherwise i highly recommend buying this.
i had been pondering whether to get a gaming desktop or video gaming system. a dear friend of mine lent me his ps4 for a few weeks and i became hooked! with my wife is blessing i took advantage of bb is black friday in july ... and here i am! looking forward to endless hours of joy with the grandkids!
i live in one state and my three kids live in another, neither family have the consistent funds to go see one another (as often as we like).  this has given me the opportunity to stay involved and be there for my children.    this helps me play games with my kids and keep up to date, with how things are going.  to be involved as a parent and spark conversations that are normally not happening.   thank you
the playstation 4 pro has all of the necessities for gamers and media consumers. i thoroughly enjoyed my time with my playstation 4 pro but had to return it due to financial circumstances. i would definitely purchase it again if otherwise. the user interface is clean and easy to understand as well as to use. video games are crisp and run smoothly i have had no issues and it can even support virtual reality.
so i finally bought another ps4 my son took my last older ps4 after he came home from college a few years ago so i ended up buying a ps4 pro omg what a fantastic machine i love the amazing graphics the ps4 pro puts out . i am running that on a sony projector and the experience is like no other i definitely recommend the ps4 pro
i have had playstation games from the time i was in elementary school. growing up with them not only was it fun but the challenges that playstation 4 provides, it has grown with me and become a part of my lifestyle.  now that i am a professional, it is so entertaining for us all when we chill at my home! keep it coming!
my launch ps4 recently began showing signs of slow down. so, i went out and upgraded to ps4 pro. the unit is quicker with load times and just seems to move through menus seamlessly without hesitation. have not  noticed a big difference in graphical quality yet. but, that may just depend on the game. if your original unit still runs fine, there is no need to upgrade. but, if this is your first system, definitely go for the pro.
i bought the ps4 pro in may 2018, and a year later, it still runs as well as can be expected from a playstation or sony product. i have had no issues at all with the product. however, i hope the new iteration sony has planned will do something about cooling and ventilation. it is not as loud as the ps3, but its noise is still equivalent to having a small fan running. and it definitely heats up a small room such as an office or bedroom. after a long session of playing, three or four hours, the room is way too warm to sleep comfortably. hopefully, this is improved in the next generation. otherwise, it is such a great product with plenty to offer both gamers and nongamers.
we have owned an xbox one  for some time but finally decided to purchase the playstation for my 9 year olds b-day.  he wanted the show 19 and it is only on playstation.  the vr is amazing! i use it all the time to play golf, beat saber and other games... and i’m 48 :)  it is a lot of money, but it is worth it and i bet you will spend more money going to trampoline parks and such.
i have not been playing in a console for like years. main reasons would be that because i do not own any of them and second, i am a laptop person. so i gathered lots of best buy gcs from different sources and manage to have at least 200$ worth until i bought it online. i have it checked out for pickup so that i would not wait for it to be delivered and was not disappointed. i loved every part of it from physical appearance to it is functionality. i do not have blue ray drive in my laptop and now does not need to buy a player since i have a ps4 pro console.
the extra cost of the ps4 pro over the standard ps4 is well worth it. my new system loads faster, has more memory space and the graphics on my newer games, such as the last guardian, seem to be clearer. if you are in the market for a ps4 i recommend upgrading to a pro.
we are a playstation loving family and this latest playstation does not disappoint. great game quality on this, great to use when you do not have cable, more user friendly physical interface making the dvd/game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console. great upgrade console & even better first time game system
the new ps4 being slim small and a lot easier to fit in tight spots makes it a lot easier to put anywhere the ps4 now offer such an amazing picture quality with the hdr the gaming experience is just like being at the arcade but way better picture quality playstation really knows how to nail it when they really want to go big
while i can definitely agree that this console is not for everyone and not everyone will spend the money to upgrade, i am glad i did. i love the games that run in 4k and that the console makes older games look better. i with the recent update, adding boost mode, it makes the early games look even better.
wow, what an amazing console. the 4k is beautiful and makes you feel in the game, and on top of that almost no lag when playing my game selection. i would highly recommend this to someone who enjoys leaving this world and traveling into horizon zero dawn, to watching a movie.
sony did an excellent job with the ps4 pro. videos on the internet do not do it justice for just how much better the graphics look. for the price of this console, it exceeeded my expectations. the games that support the pro are noticeably better. there are boosts to the resolution and frame rate. textures also look much better
for gaming this is a monster. ui, disc installs and software downloads are very fast. the games are ohhh so pretty. this is an excellent machine so far. i just wish it had a uhd player. 2k hdr is worth it for people with 1080p televisions. good thing is you are future proof with the ps4 pro. but for my 4k hdr brethren. lol enjoy
so, it is not revolutionary in terms of features, etc. but if you invested in a 4k tv, its a no brainer. it makes games, especially newer really display incredible graphics. it does not have a 4k player but at the end of the day, who actually buys dvd is anymore? especially ones that cost 40 bucks.
i had a ps4 since day 1.   having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car, it just breaths new life to your games.   so far, a pretty good handful of games support the pros enhancements.   and the games that do not support it, benefit from a better frame rate.
i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro.. i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports.. pro delivered all of that plus much more.. great performance, much faster, seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv.. if you have spare $$$ invest it
the ps4 pro is great. it is a must have for any 4k setup. compatible games look awesome in 4k hdr. also new boost mode great especially with games that have unlocked frame rates. only downside is no uhd blu ray movie support. the only option for 4k hdr video is streaming.
this game was definitely worth the money. the graphics and clarity were great. i have had other gaming systems before and they were good. this however is the best system by far. it is easy to use and can be very addicting. i would recommend this gaming system to any one looking for next level video fun.
really nice upgrade from ps3, except for surround sound output and no solid state drive (ssd) option.  the ps3 supported 7.1 audio through the hdmi port.  for the ps4, you can only get 2.0 stereo over hdmi.  you need to use the optical audio out toslink port on the ps4 to get anything above that.  you also need to set the audio output option in the movie player application to use anything above 2.0 stereo, which is the default setting instead of something that supports 5.1, 7.x or 9.x surround sound.  it was baffling to me why a game played natively in 7.1 surround sound while a blu-ray disc only played in 2.0 stereo until i found the setting.
my last playstation console was the ps2. over the last year, i really wanted to invest in a ps4 and i am so happy that i bought the ps4 pro. it is amazing and every ps exclusive game i have played on it so far has been great. the graphics with the ps4 pro make the gaming experience incredible.
i have heard people complaining about the lack of 4k disc drive, but honestly why would anybody pay $30 for a movie that you can get digitally for half the price and that the console will upscale anyway to 4k? and trust me if you have a good uhd it will work. the games are beautiful on 4k hdr, like last of us.
love this thing just because it has a usb in the back. makes wires for my entertainment stand so much cleaner. i used to have to plug my wireless mic amp usb in the front but now they have one in the back. love it for just that reason, 4k and hdr, faster specs are just icing on the cake.
i am an avid collector of game consoles and games. i have this hooked to a 4k tv and the picture is amazing. not all content is going to look great. it depends on the quality do the game you put in. out of all of my consoles this one is by far my favorite.
i primarily sold my old ps4 and purchased this one because of the psvr upgrades you get, and i tell you it was worth it. the supersampling and crispness of ps4 pro enhanced games definitely makes the difference, especially in vr.     pick this bad boy up with rigs and you will not be disappointed.
i only gave 4 stars because the graphics are great, but i feel the xbox one x has better results for 4k hdr graphics. other than that, i do not recommend upgrading to the pro if you have a base system until the ps5 comes out. not too much of difference from slim or base ps4.
i play my ps4 everyday so this was a no brainer for me. i love the pro and it was totally worth it. it is quieter, faster, graphics are great and will only get better with time. buy it if you want the ps4 right now or do not if you do not think you need it. i have a samsung js9000 tv and it looks insane on it.
the ps4 pro is a good value for $399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k, checkerboard rendering, or a different resolution boost like 1440p. the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money.
if you have a 4k tv with hdr capability or plan on buying one soon then i suggest pairing it with a ps4 pro. otherwise you are better off waiting for a price drop as the list of games that utilize the ps4 pro is small but growing slowly. once you see a game in hdr you wont want to go back.
i sold my ps4 to a buddy and bought the ps4 pro to replace it. games that output to 4k ( not many out there yet ) like final fantasy 15 look amazing, but not signifantly different from the ps4. games like rocket league are smoother and render signifantly better, but the overall gameplay does not change.     i would not recommend buying unless you do not have a ps4. also does not seem like a good buy unless you also own a 4k, hdr tv and have streaming services in 4k.    otherwise, wait until the next gen consoles come out.
if you are getting a new ps4, you need to get the pro. if you have an original ps4, you need to upgrade. if you have psvr, you have to play it on the pro. it changes the quality of all games and the larger hard drive is worth it.
finally returning to a console system after a decade of pc gaming and have enjoyed to date. looking forward to diving into some on-line play, though i have realistic expectations relative to pc comparisons. had to return to a playstation because i really enjoy sports gaming franchises and they just do not exist on the pc (just wish ea could bring back the college football franchise!) all the modern upgrades in conjunction with the smart tv have been wonderful, and am pulling for the network to give overcharging time warner/charter a real run....
we bought the ps4 pro for our kids it is a little hard for them because all they always had it was nintendo consoles, they have to get just to the new controllers and games are harder to pass but once they get to play a little they will get it really fast. great system.   but it does not plays the 4k movies a little disappointed.
ps4 pro brings the predictable solid build quality, a nice look, and a clean ui. as a long time xbox user, microsoft has gotten crazy with the ui. sony has done a great job at keeping your dashboard clean and quick to navigate. i would rate 5 stars, but neither the ps4 pro, nor the xb1x, have hardware capable of pushing true 4k in games, yet they advertise it as doing so. it would be nice if we could select 1080p at 60fps in games.
i bought the ps4 pro for my partner for christmas. he loves the improved graphics and speed, and has not experience the lag time some of the games had on the ps3. the only problem i see is that now he does not want to do anything besides play games. oh well, more "me" time, i suppose.
so glad i waited to get a ps4. been playing xbox one for a while now, since ps3 bombed online gaming. picture looks great on my 4k samsung. ps4 pro is the way to go if you have a 4k tv. like getting to play the exclusives i have been missing out on. still use my xbox for online gaming though.
very happy overall with it. lots of power for gaming, and its selection of media apps (such as hulu, netflix, etc.) along with it is ability to play regular blu ray dvds makes it a fantastic all around entertainment machine. my only gripe is not with the console itself, but rather with my concerns about privacy on the playstation network. after reading around about their security issues, i would not recommend putting your credit card number on there, but rather, just using store bought playstation gift cards. and other than that, happy gaming!
i went from the basic ps4 to the ps4 pro since i just bought a 4k tv. to be honest, the upgrade is noticeable but i was not “wow’d” by the difference. the colors and contrast is definitely sharper. i believe the next gen console we’ll see the significant improvements and full use of he hdr technology
i got this so i could really use my 4k tv. i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality. very noticeable. nice having you tube, netflix, and hulu uhd options. i could have waited but whatever. when it is on i can not hear the fans nor does it get that hot.
i ca not wait to play games in 4k. i had a few friends try to say me from purchasing the pro but they are pc gamers who do not only anything 4k and seem to care about framerates and resolution. i am totally excited to game in 4k on my lg oled even if most games are just upscaled.
pros: everything is fast and the "4k" upscaling is nice on the games it applies to. other games usually come through at 60 fps or smoother in general. great pairing with 4k tv. ps vue works way better than the app on the bravia tv app.   cons : not all streaming services provide 4k capability on the pro. no vudu or prime 4k. since opening, the video output has been getting eradic as time goes on flickering and totally cutting out at times. at first it was showing white specks like snow and progressed intermittently from there. now it is unplayable. luckily, i can still exchange it. just a hassle and rather disappointed with this as i have had playstation since the original and had overall, outstanding build quality. i will see if the replacement has the same issue.
read the reviews while trying to decide which console to get. i am not a huge gamer and have owned a ps3 a while back. i liked that upon initial start up, you were walked through the setup which was extremely easy. the games load up fast and the picture quality is impressive.
the upgraded graphics are much more noticeable than i thought they would be. have not noticed a speed difference. ca not say for a 1080p, have only used it on 4k. why not just make it a capable 4k player, xbox found a way to do that. like most, end of the day, if a person can afford it, it is worth the upgrade from the ps4. if you are just getting 1, definitely get the pro.
i can say i am happy to have upgraded. the first pro unit i purchased crashed and burned in the first few weeks. multiplayer gameplay would cause the system to shut off and required a reboot. took it back and exchanged and have been happy since. the frame rate and graphic improvements are noticeable. system runs a bit more quiet than the standard ps4 but also runs hotter than the standard. still wish the unit came with an ultra hd bluray player. would not mind spending another $100 on this unit if it came with the 4k player.
i personally dont think its the hugest graphical jump from the ps3, however you see it where it counts. oddly i find using it as a multi media device much more often. but the games have been great so far. it is a sleek system with great ease of access and good visuals.
it rips, this thing gives you excellent 4k hdr gaming. just make sure your 4k tv can handle 4k hdr, as some tvs only have hdr capability on 1080p. the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play, but that is how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming.
the ps4 pro is anazing! much faster than the ps4. i used the transfer function and copied over all of my 425gb worth of data with no problems. the entire process took 90 minutes and was easy. the ps4 pro upscales blu ray disks and ps4 games and it looks incredible on my 4k uhd tv!!
the ps4 pro is definitely worth buying if you have a 4k tv set and the price is not too bad if you trade in your old ps4. i have been playing ffxv on it and the game looks and plays beautifully on the pro. it would have been better if they had bundled it together though.
if you love playstation it is the way to go. great for gaming or streaming.i use mine all the time hulu netflix work great on it and picture is awesome. my only issue is sometimes when i’m playing picture will go black for a frame. loads of people have the same issue so i know it is not just me.
so far it is been a great console to have. the pro enabled games look stunning on my 4k tv. unfortunately, it does not support 4k ultra hd blu-ray so a tiny bummer there. it also has issues with the video and audio dropping and showing only a black screen for a few seconds in my tv. i have seen a few people online with the same issue. overall though, i enjoy the power this thing packs.
it has a fast load up menu on startup (comparing it to xbox one). i am more of an xbox user but after being on the ps4 for a couple months now i love both! the xbox one x defiantly has better 4k quality in my opinion than the ps4 pro but maybe i just do not know how to set it up correctly.
upgraded from an old x-box 360 and was immediately impressed by how great it looked on my 4k def tv. i did not realize what i was missing playing the x-box-360 that was around 6 years old. looking forward to trying some of the features like streaming to help cut the cord of cable. i have always been hesitant because i did not want to sacrifice picture quality. we shall see. i will update after i have enjoyed this a bit longer.
i have a 4k tv with hdr so i got a ps4 pro to take advantage of it. however, i do not think it is worth it. the pro is significantly larger and heavier than the slim, and the graphical upgrade is negligible. sure, some games offer a boost in fps, but it is inconsistent. and of course there is no 4k uhd bluray player. just standard bluray. stick with the slim unless you find a great deal on the pro. but even then, i prefer the sleekness of the ps4 slim.
i have primarily used xboxes for the past 15+ years, but i felt a little adventurous and expanded my horizons by purchasing the ps4 pro. i love the system and feel like games purchased through playstation is store are better deals than i would find on xbox. the system works perfect and has given me and the family many hours of entertainment.
i sold my ps4 for this ps4 pro. i love how it looks on my 4k tv even when i stand close to the tv. the graphics is amazing. but if you do not have a 4k tv then do not waste your money on pro. i do not see much a difference except the 4k graphics.
i upgraded from ps4 and was impressed with the improvement in graphic and speed difference. i also like the 1 tb hard drive. the vr improvement alone (2x) was worth it in terms of graphical improvement. the fact that they do not have 2 hdmi ports one for the vr and one for the tv is frustrating and the reason why not 5 stars. i have a 4k hdr tv and i ca not get hdr because i have to pass my hdmi cable through the vr unit, which has no hdr passthrough.
great system, looks amazing on a 4k tv. lots of great games available, including several exclusives. only real issue i have is the remote play feature is really lacking, compared to the same feature on the xbox one, and it was a big part of what i was looking forward to since with a wife and 2 kids, i rarely get screen time with my systems anymore.
did not come to the table with grand expectations, but this pro model does so some significant game load and streaming improvements. i did just purchase a 4k tv and based off the previous ps4 model on the same television, quite an improvment. caught the console on sale so that was a plus. not sure if i would make three purchase at full price.
the ps4 pro is good. very, very good. great? "next gen?" not so much. i have an xbox one x as well and having compared some games side by side, i have to say that the ps4 pro is definitely better than a regular ps4/xbox one but it does not fundamentally change they way games look. it is fun to see some old games with better graphics though.
we just upgraded to the ps4 and decided to go with the pro model since it has a 1tb hard drive and also the extra usb slot which we are currently using for the wireless headset. i also decided to go with this model so that we are able to add on the vr headset and will still have enough usb slots.     the other great feature is that it has the optical out for audio. i run my ps4 on a projector in my basement so i need the optical audio output to run to my old audio receiver while my video runs through the hdmi cord to the projector.
i love everything about my ps4 pro. i just ca not wrap my head around the fact that there is no 4k blu ray player, lil bit of a head scratcher for me and apparently a lot of people seeing as how sony was the first to incorporate a console dvd player with the ps2 then a step up to blu-ray with the ps3, it only seemed logical to keep going up and improving. there excuse is that people are moving towards streaming content in 4k rather than hard copies but no matter how well your connection is there might be a time where your movie just might lag or buffer and that just takes away from the experience. only one way to go for 100% uninterrupted movies people and that is 4k hard copies.
the ps4 pro is a great system for gamers, the video output max is 4k but a 4k compatible tv is need to use these capabilities. you can still use standard definition to 1080p but if you do not have a 4k tv i recommend you just get the orginal ps4.
love the new design, it is slightly bigger than the original. 4k is a must! much more powerful and i cannot wait to see what these pro games can do! better with psvr as well. i have the original launch ps4 and now the pro on my 4k tv. love it!
got this for my husband. he loves it. we have had multiple ps systems & have encountered problems with most of them (overheating, light of death etc, lasers going). he loved it so much we recently did a raffle to win a second one actually. it is pricey but then thats how these systems are. i havent seen him play video games this much in years & i dont hear him complain about downloading times for his online account or for the games. it is def worth it.
i have been an xbox fanboy since the 360, but i could not help getting the ps4 pro after seeing all the exclusives that have come out for the game. god of war is a classic and then you have spider-man, horizon zero dawn, the last of us blah blah blah. there are just too many exclusives to list here, but they are of impressive quality. you must get this system if you want to play the best games on the market. and yes the games look beautiful
traded in my original ps4 for the ps4 pro. it does add some noticeable improvements on a lot of games (if the game has the option) and it is capable of steaming in 4k. i would recomend this only if you already have a 4k capable tv with hdr and an internet connection that can support 4k content. biggest downside is the pro does not have a 4k blu ray player, this was a missed opportunity for sony.
ive always been an xbox girl. love my gaming sessions; i grew up on lan parties. not saying i have converted but i am very impressed with the ps4 pro. i play it just as much as my other console in my downtime since purchase. it is so enjoyable and extremely easy to figure out. also, my wireless xbox headphones are compatible with this system! score!
i am really enjoying my ps4 pro. we recently upgraded our tv and receiver so we figured we would get our hands on this as well. 4k video streaming is ok. but i believe the real magic happens when you are able to see hdr content. that being said, you do not really need this system to see hdr video. i believe all ps4s are going to support hdr. i would only recommend this system if you have disposable income. it is not a necessary upgrade, yet.
i would been scoping out the ps4 for a while, having been a longtime nintendo person. but with the exclusive titles on ps4, it was time. after doing the research, i decided the pro model was the way to go. it plays amazing, looks amazing on my tv, and it is been hard to put the controller down!
i was actually considering the oculus quest since i have the oculus go, however i am very pleased with the ps4 pro along with the ps vr headset. i am no professional gamer and i am having quite the go at learning how to navigate and utilize these systems. large selection of games for every age and this consoles added features are a huge plus!
i was aware that the new xbox is coming out. but for someone who already has a gaming rig, the ps4 (pro) was a better choice for me because there are a lot more games that are in the xbox that is also in pc, so buying a ps4 gives me access to the exclusives that will likely not hit the pc. zero dawn looks so good in a big tv
i bought this for something to do when i spend long periods of time away from home for my job, and i’m blown away! not only are the games great, but i can shuffle through my netflix, and prime tv all from my hotels free wifi. so glad i bought this, it gets used every day almost if not for games for its other ps exclusive abilities.
i purchased the pro about a year after i purchased the original ps4. i game on a 1080p screen so i was really just looking to increase performance and frame rates which it has done fairly well. seems to be a lot quieter and load times have improved on older games with the latest firmware update. overall i am pleased but not completely blown away by it. not a necessary update if you already own a ps4.
i finally bought myself a new console for my birthday, and even made the switch to playstation. the last console i had was a 360, so i was definitely due for an upgrade. the console is beautiful, everything works great. the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet. it does not come with a stand as it is advertised with, but i do not mind. i really recommend spending the extra money for the pro, it is worth it.
i bought a 75" qled tv and decided to upgrade to the ps4 pro and it was a good choice. games look better and the new system is faster. i ca not give it a five star rating due to the fact that it does not play hdr/ultra hd movies and the xbox x does. it is kind of a let down but not a deal breaker.
i decided to upgrade from the ps4 slim to this lovely beast.. the load times for games is around 300%-400% faster, and just basically all around its bigger, better, faster, and stronger than the standard ps4, kinda like the six million dollar man.. only waaaayyyyy cheaper and minus the cool sound effects when he jumps..
i recently upgraded to this new model the cuh-7200 series because they were reviewed to be much quieter than the older models. if you have ever played intense games like uncharted 4 and spiderman you will know that the system gets very loud, so much for me i could hear it over my tv speakers. not this model, it is super quiet though not as quiet as the xbox one models but not to far off either. the fact that i can hear my games now over the system is wonderful.     make sure before you buy a ps4 pro to get the cuh-7200 series.
i have had for several months and still love it. games run great and the design is easy on the eyes.   cons: can be a bit loud at times and gets hot when doing 4k and long game sessions. i would love to see sound reduction, smaller total size, and run quieter. i am sure their next iteration will fix these and will be a for sure 5 star.
had some time to break in the pro, and i have to say i do not regret the upgrade. of course i am upgrading from the base ps4 to this, and it is an upgrade that is been worth it for me. if you want the most out of premium console gaming i.e. the best possible third party support, a decent amount of great first party support then get an xbox one x. but if you are coming from a base ps4 and do not mind a slightly watered down experience when it comes to third party games, but would love a high quality experience when it comes to first party games then i think this is for you.
i am a playstaion loyalist so purchasing the new ps4 was a necessity and i have to say i have no complaints. super fast. 4k gaming looks awesome on my 4k tv. an annoying issue is the ps4 tends to him a tad bit loud when it is run for a long period of time. not loud where it is an issue but just enough to notice. true gamers need this console.
the ps4 pro does what i want it to and does it well. that being said, if you are looking to upgrade, you have a launch ps4 and you do not plan on getting ps vr, then this is not really worth the $400 msrp, i would suggest the ps4 slim instead. but if you want to delve into psvr, then this is absolutely a must-have console, as you will have a smoother, less nauseating experience.
i just bought two new 65” sony 4k uhd tvs for my wife and i to play destiny on side by side. i had a pro already and she had a regular. she kept running out of space, and i noticed a slight picture difference between our setups, so we got her a pro. both tvs are wall mounted and next to each other, so i could tell a difference between the sharpness and color saturation between the 2 different ps4 is, but just minimal. not enough to make a difference or to upgrade if yours works fine. but if you need more space for game downloads, then it makes sense.
sometimes you buy something and think, wow i need 1 million more of that thing. this is that product, its does games, movies, records videos, you can watch tv, upload your pictures, move it, store it, and most importantly, love it.     out here we have a saying in the ol state of indy, get   indy-scribable products into your life and you will be successful and healthy and loved. this is that product, the ps4 pro....snap into the magic.
i would 100% recommend ps4pro if you own a 4k tv or monitor but as far as if you dont own a 4k tv or monitor you wont be able to take full advantage of what the console can do, with that said you will still see a noticeable difference in loading speeds and even a slight difference in graphics not to mention the extra 1tb space doesnt hurt either!
i upgraded to the pro to take full advantage of my recently purchased 4k hdr tv. so far, i am truly enjoying the results. the ps$ pro is powerful enough to truly take advantage of the 4k features and i ca not wait for the next range of games coming out for ps4 pro.
i upgraded my original ps4 with the new ps4 pro and have been impressed. boots up and runs faster and graphics on horizon zero dawn are fantastic (with a 4k display). my only complaint is the fan comes on frequently and runs extremely loudly. i can literally hear it from the second floor of my house (ps4 is in living room on first floor).
when i bought this system i already had the non 4k system 500gb. great system and i loved it. i am a very loyal playstation fan. bought this one second hand and never had a problem with it. but i always had this feeling of “what if?”. i had the 4k screen. sony 55xbr900c. also love this tv. best tv ever and would recommend it to anyone and everyone. but i digress. i kept thinking about how good some of my games looked. gran turismo sport, gtav mostly. but then i thought that they could look better. and they did! definitley worth what i paid. especially since i got it on black friday for $50 off. so yea its definitely worth the extra money. plus the 1tb drive didnt fill up faster than my flooding basement.
yes the fact that there is no 4k sucks considering my xbox 1s plays 4k and has a blue ray drive. like did sony just want to anger people?     other than that, games play much smoother than the previous ps4 i had for some reason. everything loads much quicker and navigating through menus is a breeze. it definitely has more power earning the "pro" name.
i got this ps4 pro because i have already own a ps4. it is basically an upgrade of the regular ps4. games load faster, are crisper, and look smoother. i would only recommended this system if you are looking to have the best tech all the time, buying your first ps4, or just have the extra $100 to drop on it. other than that there is no plus to getting it.
a minimal update on the original playstation 4, the pro is only highly recommended if you have both a 4k television and/or wish to play specific games in 60fps. not necessary if you simply wish to play ps4 games in general. the few games that support the new features do look good although it will also depend on the type of television.
i bought this because my original busted and would not work (turns out it was an easy fix) and i could not be happier. i do not have a 4k tv yet but i’ve already noticed a small difference in some games. definitely worth it. especially if you’re like me and wo not buy the next gen console for quite some time.
currently the best experience for gaming, i have every console. best picture and frame rates. but not much else. definitely not a media hub/media center. but thats not what i needed. also best build quality by far of all the ps4 is. blows away the horrible slim build quality and performance.
the build quality is better than the original console, it boosts framerate of berserk musou out of the box, which is a good thing. while i am able to play certain games at higher framerate or nicer graphics, it is sad that some developers decided not to patch their games anyway; i was hoping bloodborne would be boosted to 4k or sth.
what can i say. i had the original model ps4 pro. it was loud, certain games would makes the fans seem like a jet is taking off. i have not encountered that with the same work load on the 7215b. it is quieter, by far! performance seems faster but i also put in a 2tb sshd seagate hd as well. overall, i’m not mad at it! great console.
the ps4 was great on its own before the pro premiered. however adding 4k graphics and other accelerated hardware really knocks this out of the park. plus a bigger hard drive to boot (ps4 now supports external hdd as well!). i would not say it is a must have if you currently own a ps4 but, if you have a 4k tv and want the higher resolution with compatible games as well as hdr this is a great choice.
i upgraded when i made the leap to get a psvr. reviews are all over the place when people talk about if the psvr experience is better when running on a pro. my experience is the pro makes a big difference, i was getting dizzy and headaches prior to using the pro and it was always blurry. mine is also silent!
ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child, and it came to front door in 2 days, big box and full of de big bags so it wo not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas! connected everything and the 4k was awesome! playing cod is much better now! the speed everything!
it is an ok system. i have own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4. games looks and plays great so far on it. one thing that kills my is that the pro sounds like a jet engine taking off from an aircraft carrier....*sigh*
bought as my original ps4 was having issues and i wanted a bigger hd. games that support this look a lot sharper and all do seem to load a slight bit faster but other then that i ca not tell a difference. i would not suggest as an upgrade but would buy if your new to ps4 or need to replace an old one.
i finally got tired of every time i start my xbox one, i have a 100 gb update or more and takes 8 hrs to complete, so i dont get to play. bought this and have loved it (since i can come home and play, any updates now have been small in comparison)
got the xbox one x in november of 2017. games look great and all but graphics do not make a game. after being bored and seeing ps4 get all this games, spider man was the last nail in the coffin for my xbox. got the ps4 pro and man oh man. let is just say i wo not be renewing my gold membership anytime soon, and it has not been turned on since spider-man released. definitely worth a buy. the games, controller, ui, community is amazing on ps4. ps4 pro or ps4 slim, it does not matter which one. just do not miss out on the great games.
i was already a fan of the ps4 pro when it was first released, but i like how sony finally addressed the noisy fan with the latest model (cuh-7202b). while it does run a bit hotter, i love that i can finally enjoy my games without the system sounding like a jet preparing for take off.
as far as video games go the ps4 has many great exclusive titles. this is what makes it all worth it. while it is not the most powerful the games that it has are some that should not be missed. the last of us, god of war, horizon zero dawn, uncharted 4, all amazing titles. if you are going to play these games you might as well play them at the best possible settings they can be played at. i have a gaming pc but have been playing this as of late due to the titles that you should not pass up. $399 while a lot of money is not much at all compared to a pc. so i would not pass this console up. if you love games then these are some that should not be missed.
the console itself was nice, i love the lights that light up on it. the controller was a bit awkward to hold mainly when it came to the l1/2, r1/2 because my fingers slipped off from time to time. the controller does has a speaker which gives a cool feel when playing games. you hear sounds directly in front of you which is cool! the software on the ps4 is, in my opinion, meant to be for mature players. they are a bit confusing and there seems to be a window for everything.  overall, this purchase was worth it. the 4k capability compliments my 4k tv well.
a lot of people in the gaming community are wondering if the switch from the ps4 to the ps4 pro is worth the cost. the answer to that is a thousand times yes! the graphics are significantly better. there is no motion blur (especially when playing games like call of duty). it is smooth. the matte finish is beautiful. i ca not think of any cons!    if you’re looking for a sign whether you should buy it... this is it! place the order! you will not regret it!
friend of mine got the pro and said it was worth the upgrade. i noticed he loaded faster after he got his. i went and got my own. as soon as i turned on spiderman i knew it was worth it. 4k definitely shines through. loading in online games was noticable.
i have had my ps4 since launch back in 2013 and knew i had to have the pro when i saw it announced. it is an awesome upgrade and would be an even better purchase for someone who has never owned a ps4. the 4k resolution looks awesome. but unfortunately my hdr on my tv and ps are not playing nice.
i love my new ps4 the only thing i do not like is having to wait for the updates when you first play a new game. some of them can be pretty big and can take hours to download not what you want to do when you are dying to play the new game you purchased.
this ps4 pro is so much faster than my launch ps4. it is rated by the tech it has within to be 1/3 faster. loading is a breeze now for games as well as initially starting a game. i load in faster than my friends! more ram, faster processor, more storage and it makes all my games look so much better. hands down, this is the one to buy if you need an upgrade or for a first time buyer.
i did not know what i was missing until i started playing ps4 games that were optimized for 4k hdr tvs. the ps4 is a dream to play on a large screen tv and let is the gamer experience all the nuances of brightness, contrast, and color range that the tv was made for. i considered the xbox one x as well, but at whopping $200 more it did not make sense. i was not willing to spend close to $600 to play 4k games. i was able to get the ps4 on sale for $350 and am extremely happy with my purchase.
i researched this product intensively before even considering a purchase, and most reviews said it was not enough of a step up to upgrade if you already have a ps4. while it does not take the huge leaps people were hoping for, it does improve enough of the little things to be worth a look. the biggest thing i observed is that it is noticably faster than the launch ps4. games load quicker, which makes me happy. this is what the ps4 should have been at launch.
i have been playing primarily on pc and nintendo hardware for the last five years, so it was exciting to finally pick up a ps4 pro in 2018. the games are excellent, there is no major hardware problems, and the pro has a bunch of neat features that the standard model ps4 lacks. players will likely be happy with either, but i am a sucker for smooth framerates so i stuck with the more expensive model. as a nice bonus for vita owners, i have found the ps4 remote play experience to be very nice as well. it is fun playing major releases on a handheld device (bringing a greater degree of parity between my switch and ps4 experiences).
how can you go wrong. runs smooth. i replaced the thermal paste with thermal grizzly kryonaut and replaced the thermal pads from thermal grizzly because sony cheaped out and made them smaller than the chips. so now it runs super quiet even on heavy games like god of war!     sorry to the people with louad ps4 is
i have a few 4k tv is in my house so i decided to grab the pspro. one thing i am lacking is hdr (original ps4 can do hdr also with firmware). decent upscaling of current games and some slight benefits on games that do not that are patched to work with ps4pro
being more of a pc gamer and the knowledge of having to pay for playstation plus to play online at first deferred me from the next gen console, but there is something so comfortable about being on my couch and gaming after being at work all day on a computer. given i have dedicated hundreds of hours to destiny and the new ffxv coming out, i pulled the trigger and am so glad i did. the gui is great, the power of the pro is amazing, games are gorgeous, the sleep mode allows me to jump right back into a game with virtually no load time and ps+ has wonderful deals (rise of the tomb raider for 50% off?! yes please!). i highly recommend the ps pro.
this is a great system for this generation. this is actually a lateral move. i had the original ps4, but since i have a 4k tv now, i updated my game system & it looks so different. definitely a great product. also you may want to upgrade the internal hard drive to a 2tb, because the enhanced games take up more space.
i am going to start by saying that not having a 4k blu ray player is very disappointing in this day and age from a company like sony.  the performance upgrade is ok and decent at best. it is a lot quieter than my first gen ps4 and i appreciate that. 4k streaming is also good to have and ps4 remote play app with this model only stream 1080p to you pc if you want to play away from the ps4 and the quality is very decent.  other than that, it is a ps4. plays well and i will only recommend it to someone if they want 4k streaming or something like 1080p ps4 to pc streaming and they absolutely need to have this features. other than that, if you have an older ps4... keep it or buy the slim.
i have loved playstation my entire life, growing up on the classic ps2 console i could not wait for the day i saved enough to buy the ps4 pro! it is amazing, with the 4k quality, plenty of storage, downloadable apps. and i love being able to watch my blu-ray dvd is on it as well!
i bought the ps4 pro with the intention of replacing my launch ps4. i do not own a 4k tv but man, even without one there is a big difference! i have played battlefield 1, rise of the tomb raider, call of duty infinite warfare, and infamous: second son and there is a significant difference between the standard ps4 and the pro. framerates are more stable, resolution is higher and sometimes it is both! and all of this is without a 4k tv! if you are totally happy with your current ps4, then you do not need to upgrade. but if you want your games to look and run better, and you want to be ready for the future of console gaming, then i highly recommend the ps4 pro.
finally got a ps4 pro, i was looking for a bundle with a game but couldnt find any. but joining the playstation store gives u great discounts on games and movies, takes a while (and memory) to download them, but i am sure i wont get anywhere near the 1 tb of memory on this thing.
my wife has a regular ps4 and one of the biggest things that i realized after a few days of use is how much quieter the pro is. i very much enjoy the extra storage space for games as well as the sleek design. overall very pleased with my purchase and will recommend to others.
i have had a ps4 for a couple of years now and was always happy with it. recently bought a 4k tv and thought i needed to upgrade my console with it. horizon zero dawn is the only pro-optimized game i have played on it and it does look amazing, but my non-optimized games do not look noticeably better, though they do seem to run smoother. connected to a 4k tv. not sure why they could not get a 4k blue ray player in it, but with all the streaming options, it is not a big deal. if you already have a ps4, i would recommend holding off on upgrading until they release the next console version.
the ps4 is easy and intuitive to connect to the entertainment system. the are lot of reviews of this ps4 so i wo not repeat the already available information, but i will say that the on/off button does take a little bit to get used to since it is small. once turned on and off a couple of times, then it is easy to use.
i am an xbox one player and i have all the generations of xbox 1 and i have all the generations of playstation except ps4 and i decided to get it and it still feels a bit weird for me to use but i think i like it alot because of the animations and the user interface is nice but it sometimes lacks some features that can be really useful like to quickly add an opponent after a game fast than typing out the gamertag.. i love it and i cant wait to make use of the vr for the ace combat 7.
my younger son is on his way to med school. his older brother wanted to take the ps4 to his last year of law school at bc law. his kind young brother gave in and let him take it. before his older brother left, we surprised him with an even better replacement - the ps4 pro: he could not have been happier!
the pro has many advantages over the slim model and the only thing that beats it as far as gaming is my pc. i got a great deal at christmas for it, but i wish i had more time to actually use it. god of war was smooth on it, along with other games. i think we have watched more videos using the blu-ray player in it than playing games.
its a tough sell for a ps4 pro if one already has a ps4, but being a first time buy i more than happy with it.  the capture menu taking a while to come up is a bit of a slight inconvenience, but an understandable one when one considers the fact that it is often taking 4k screenshots. even if one is playing on a 1080 display.  the games that take advantage of the extra power (and the upcoming 4.5 pro mode update) really do shine when compared to regular ps4 versions as well.  if you are buying a new ps4, and have the extra $100, get the pro.
after trying xbox one x and ps4 pro, i can say that the ps4 has a more premium feel to it in regards to gaming. those looking for a media box, this will do great if no 4k tv is at home. i would not buy if you already have the original ps4 or slim version.
ohhhhhhhhhh man. i have been debating between xbox and playstation or a gaming pc for over 4 years. i finally did it. and let me tell you i bought 2 games and am doing the gamefly free trial and this thing is amazing. i am terrible at games but who cares. originally i thought i would get the basic ps4 but this was literally only 40$ more when i bought it. and to me it made more sense to get the newest one at that rate. such a fun console and with netflix and youtube it makes it easier to multitask.
i have played the ps4 now for about 6-months and, so far, it is a great machine. the graphics are very nice. although i have not paired it to a 4k tv, the visuals are still very impressive. the unit is slim and very quiet when operational - the ps3 had a loud fan when running. the new controllers fit nicely in my hand. overall, i am enjoying the ps4. it functions very similarly to the ps3. but, i have to rebuild my game inventory since my ps3 games are not usable with the ps4.
when i first plugged in my ps4 it greeted me with an error that stated nw-35959-1, it did not let me connect to my 5g network. i do not believe that this was best buy is error. sony did eventually fix it with a system update, and the console works smoothly from then onward.
i am an xbox guy, but decided to try the ps4 for some exclusive games, such as horizon zero dawn. i love the graphics, and the processor speed. the controller is a lot more comfortable to use than the xbox. i will be keeping my xbox for the exclusive ford is series, but the main games will be moving over to the ps4.
it is the best system out there!    was a super sweet deal. not only do you get one game but you get 2 both infinite warfare an modern remastered. loved the new slick design of ps4 slim. runs smoothly, i believe is more quite, light weight and easy to carry. an even simple to change hard drive out, is in bottom back left side of the ps4 slim corner pops off easy for change out.      note: ps4 slim has no optical port, on it for turtle beach is with usb an optical cable. i do not know if it works with only usb piece without the optical cable
i bought this ps4 pro on sale and i am happy with it. so far, no problems. i used to own a limited edition ps4 slim but i gave it to my little brother as a gift. i noticed games run a bit smoother on the pro compared to the slim which is nice. overall satisfied.
sony does make some solid products, but they also are known for charging premium prices. with some products this is more evident than others. i have been playing some 4k game titles on the ps4 pro and they look fantastic. i started looking for a used ps4 pro, but then decided just to buy new. to play games in 4k hdr is an immersive experience and, if you can fork out the extra $100 over the standard ps4, it is worth it, in my opinion. i do not use a game console to watch any kind of dvd, so when i bought this i was not concerned whether or not it could play 4k movie titles (it ca not). some will judge it based on that inclusion and say it is not worth the price, but it is a solid gaming console without the ability to play 4k movie titles.
i own a lot of game consoles. that said i also own a ps3 and both xbox and xbox 360. for some reason, i have always preferred the way the games play under the playstation systems. i also tend to prefer the exclusives that are on the playstation systems over the xbox systems. so for me the ps4 was always going to be the system i would get between the xb1x and the ps4 pro i picked up. it just has the games that i am most likely to want to play.  i have been very happy with thus far with the few games i own for it and also like the feel of the new of dual shock 4 controllers as well.
we have all the consoles and they all offer things the others do not. we bought the ps4 pro for psvr and we are not disappointed. it is a great console with great games. i had a ps4 when they originally came out and it was very easy to get back in and download our previous games. we mainly use it for psvr and a few ps4 exclusives but so far everything is great. the console is fast to boot and boots games faster than the original ps4. i would recommend this to anyone that is looking for a ps4 and has a 4k hdr tv. i do not think it is worth the premium if you are not set up for 4k hdr.
definitely a great gaming console most games look stunning and at 60fps but operating system and ps store could be better. sony could take a cue from xbox in that respect. controller is virtually the same except for the addition of a thin strip across the touch pad that acts the same as the front light. btw the hard drive only has 860ish gb of available storages fyi. not sure current ps4 should upgrade unless you are planning to get the ps vr then you will definitely need the extra graphics power the pro offers otherwise save your money.
sony has gone back to its high quality roots last seen on the original ps3. this review can begin by bringing to light the fact that sony includes a high quality thick pc style power cord with this model. as someone who has owned both the original ps4 and the newer “slim” i can honestly say that the pro is the highest quality with the slim being the least quality console yet. higher frame rates during gameplay is the real reason to purchase this system. old games will look new and new games will look even better. if you plan on playing cod ww2 or star wars battlefront 2 this fall make sure to pick up a ps4 pro to get closer to your games!
i purchased the destiny special console bundle 2 years ago, and it was great, and then last month (november) it began to slow down and little bugs and issues started cropping up. i decided to upgrade to the ps4 pro because i had a 4k tv, and because i figured it was time to future proof for the remainder of this generation. the very first thing i did was launch the witcher 3, which taxed my previous ps4, and i had a beautifully smooth 60fps experience (at 4k no less) -- i was very happy to see this and i can say without a doubt that this console will last me the remainder of the ps4/xb1/switch era.
love the system and some of the features, however i do not like that i ca not play my ps3 games without spending more money - i have already paid for these games once and if my ps3 had not stopped working i never would have bought the ps4. i also do not like having to have a subscription to play online - it is not that important to me, but would be nice to connect with friends on occassionly without having to pay a monthly fee.
i am really impressed with my ps4 pro. i have been using xbox is exclusively for years now and just decided to try out ps again.     my ps4 pro is more reliable and easier to use than my xbox one. i use it mostly for video playback; plex, netflix, and youtube. i really like their way of using spotify to play your own music during games, much better than the  isnap' thing the xbox does.     one comment about the ps4 pro. not all 4k tv is are going to just work. something to do with the way the tv and ps4 communicate with each other over the hdmi cable to determine resolution. make sure you check reviews of your tv being used with a ps4 pro before purchasing.     i am very happy with my ps4 pro and have already recommended it to quite a bit of my friends. my gf loves it too.
absolute love the ps4. my original ps4 and tv got struck by lightning so i decided to upgrade to a 4k tv and ps4 pro. not a huge difference for all ps4 games, but certain games do look much better on the ps4 pro such as horizon: zero dawn and rise of the tomb raider. would recommend if you are buying a ps4 for the first time, but i would not recommend if you already own the original. its not that big of an upgrade.
i got a 4k tv early 2017. i took advantage of the blackfriday sale and pick this up to try it out. i was planning on returning if there was a noticeable performance improvement. well folks, i still have it and love it. it not only looks better it performs better. more efficient online gaming. madden and cod wwii look great in in hdr format. get you 1.
hands down the best console of this generation and ca not no one deny that. the exclusive games alone proofs it. graphics are super realistic and i find myself looking at trees and grass for hours instead of doing my quests in games. it is worth it i promise get it and you will see. so many games i ca not buy because it is so expensive haha so i wait a few months to get those exclusives.
this was to replace the original ps4 we had in the living room. i will say that this one runs much quieter and seems to load a bit faster. i can notice a slight difference in graphics but to be fair my tv is 10 years old. also the 1tb of storage is nice since with the 500gb i was having to use an external drive. i picked this up on sale where as it was only $50 more than the standard unit and im glad i did.
at first i was not sure to upgrade to the pro, but after playing all sorts of games on it. no comparison, very happy with the quality of graphics and sound. it is bigger than the regular console, but it is ok. highly recommend to the avid players out there.
i have got nothing but good things to say about my ps4 pro outside of one small thing. i will say i almost went with xbox one s due to no 4k drive on ps4 pro...but honestly, i have not bought a single disc and all 4k viewing has been via amazon or netflix in streaming mode. i think sony made a good decision here.    games built for ps4 pro look awesome and even the accelerator capability works well for non pro native games. only problem i had is some black screen drop outs when i configured for 4k and hdr. after doing some research online i found out if you drop the resolution down to whatever the setting is below full rgb, the drop outs stop. since i did that i am a happy camper.
i grew up being a sony fan girl but ended up with xbox one when i moved out of the house. i am glad i finally bought this console - it has outstanding graphics and no problems so far (just finished detroit: become human and it was beautiful). one feature that is nice is a low-power mode intended to charge controllers - very nice because you do not have to leave the unit on all night long to charge.
not going to lie i was a little nervous about dumping 450 bucks into a system i already had. but i can tell you for sure this is definately worth the upgrade. you need to have 4k tv to see the ups to having this system, not to mention the boost to operating speeds and reduced lag online because you can connect to 5ghz speed internet. get this!!
what elsse can be said? i have read so many reviews about the playstation 4 pro that i ca not think of anything new to say.. it is a great machine ! i play several games with my grandson every time he comes over. the first thing he asks is can we play ps 4? and for last christmas we purchased a sony 4k ultra hd tv. the graphics are so crisp and clear, you do not miss a trick. and vr.... wow. great fun !
now, before you wonder why i gave it 5 starts and that title, it is because i have gone a couple years without any consoles. with the news of kingdom hearts 3, i figured it is a good time to get another console and play through the series, but just a couple weeks in, i have obtained about a dozen other games and have fallen back into the pit of not knowing what to play next, without even completing anything. yay!
sold my ps4 just before this console was announced because i was mostly an xbox gamer. then i switched to pc exclusively. i just bought the pro for the ps exclusives and it does not disappoint. the ui is still not great. i have always felt that way. something about it seems very unappealing and it lacks the user friendly appeal of xbox. the graphics are incredible though. definitely recommend getting this if you are considering a playstation but only if you have a 4k tv.
not really a technical guy but still play video games. i have had a ps2 before and switched to xbox after that with the graphics being better then (at least i think so) and with the kinect being so much advanced than the "lollipops" of the ps4. never had a playstation 4 before this, but i am happy that i now have one. my brother recommended this one and he expounds on the new hardware design and i really appreciate the one terabyte of onboard storage. i am hoping to have this system bring me lots of gaming enjoyment.
purchased the pro thinking it would add to the enhanced graphics of a 4k tv. i see no difference in graphics quality of speed as the system claims. looks somewhat better in hdr, but overall not worth upgrading from a regular ps4. i find load times actually take longer. not worth your money!!
at the time of purchase, bestbuy had a sweet deal with the playstation 4 pro and the xbr - 55x700d for 999.99. pick them both up. set up was smooth and i had no issues with 4k and hdr. i also picked up the str - dh770 and with all 3 i had no issues. i have read on many different forms how many people are having problems with a in compatible tv or tv and receiver but i can tell you that with all three of these components, i am getting full hdr and 4k with the no issues. the playstation 4 is not for everybody and if you are not really into 4k then stay with the playstation 4 slim. i only see a slight increase in picture quality and graphics with the ps4 pro but there is not that mini games out that take advantage of the playstation 4 power.
i just recently updated my console from the old ps3 and love it. i went for the ps4 pro with one tb of space. heck, it was only a ben franklin more than the base model. get it, you wo not be disappointed. it has a sleep mode so you can fire it right back up when you get up.
not much really needs to be said, if you are a gamer then this is a must have and combined with the right 4k hdr tv (sony preferred, i own the 49x900e) you will get the full experience of dynamic 4k gaming with hdr as made by the developer along side some of the best exclusives sony has to offer. spider-man is freaking awesome! lol
this is our second purchase of the ps4 pro. our son was having trouble with the first one it being slow as well as a few other things.     this ps4 is faster with downloading games as well as playing them. it seems to have alot better graphics then the regular ps4. more in depth my son said. the only thing is the stems on the controller, we are constantly taking it for an exchange. the cords never seem to last for charging the controller, always falling out. they need to build in mics and charger for the controller.      that is why the 4 stars and having to replace it with a new one.
i decided to upgrade and get the new ps pro for the new 4k gaming. i will have to wait until i see a real different with the lg oled tv, but not having the 4k drive is a huge disappointment. i am a physical disc type of person and this digital movement is something i am not a fan of. good...not great. recommend only if you have the tv or first ps4 buy.
i decided to upgrade from my ps3 to the new ps4pro . i was able to get one of the first ones at best buy on the day it was released. i have had this unit for about a month now. i am very happy with my purchase and am extremely pleased to report that it is much faster loading than the ps3 and has far greater graphics the controller has a hookup for a 3.5 mm headphone hookup. this provides fantastic sound through standard headphones. also the sound itself when run through a video receiver is fantastic. it also is a blu-ray player and will play 3d movies on blu-ray or through streaming if you have a 3d tv. it is a great product. it only plays 4k through straming, it is not a 4k dvd player.
i was kind of skeptical that the pro would be able to output 4k for only 400 dollars when a pc that can do that would cost significantly more money but it does it. it does not do 4k at 60 food for most games but it does it for a lot and for the games that need 60 fps it adds more to the world. i noticed it most when playing horizon zero dawn. the whole world is more lush with the pro than with the regular playstation. but it is not just if you have a 4k tv. if you have a 1080p tv it makes all the games run nice and smooth and look fantastic. in the end i would highly recommend it.
my daughter had her old unit go out after about 5 years so we got a new one. the video on this is really nice. i was even impressed and i have no interest at all. the memory is not impressive, guess they want to sell you more memory or cloud storage. guess next step it to buy external drive. set up took minutes, just make sure to buy a transfer cable.
i have had it a couple of weeks and i am totally happy with it. i bought an xbox one when it launched and regretted it ever since. no need to re hash those problems. i have a hdr 4k tv and now i have something that works with it. love watching movies on it. love uncharted on it. love horizon zero dawn on it. i am excited for spider man and very happy with ps4 pro.
the playstation pro is an amazing 4k gaming console. it will be great for 1080p tvs as well. do not listen to these negative reviews they are xbox fanboys that give ps4 negative reviews to persuade people to buy an xbox. the ps4 pro is a very powerful console with a large library of beautiful looking games and many exclusives. do not let the lack of 4k drive turn you away, 4k movies are expensive and physical disc sales are on a decline and that is why sony opted out a 4k drive on the pro. many of these people complaining about no 4k drive wo not buy 4k movies. the pro can stream 4k hdr from services like netflix. the console runs very quiet and stays cool. you will not be disappointed in this console.
i purchased this as an upgrade to my still working launch console. i did not need to, but it has many new features that i wanted to get the most out of my 4k tv. i am happy with the upgrade so far. i just wish newly released games would provide more graphics and resolution options in games like you get with pc gaming. the ps4 has several must play exclusives that you ca not get on the competition. it is an excellent overall value.
i like the new 4k resolution. some people say they do not see any difference but that is because they expect a big change in their tv. they must be used to upgrading their tv after leaving their parents and moving into a new home. they do not realize that televisions are constantly being upgraded. once they got their brand new tv it was a whole lot better than their parents 30 year old set. see what i mean? they expect the change to be huge! i personally think the change from the 4k is great. if you have an old set or if you like getting the latest and greatest than this is definitely worth checking out.seeing one in person next to an older model really does wonders.
if you have disposable income and want the best ps4 experience this one is for you. if a $100 price difference gives you pause, pass this one up and get the slim. while the upgrade from a standard ps4 is noticeable on titles like horizon: zero dawn (even on a 1080p tv), it is not so enormous that it fully justifies the price difference between the pro and the slim. it is great for future-proofing (to a degree), for increasing framerates on vr and certain titles, or if you have a 4k tv. but if you are reluctant to spend the extra $100, just save your money and get the slim or a standard ps4. you wo not be missing out on much.
i ca not say the ps4 pro is perfect as it is not a 4k blu-ray player despite having the capability. sony actually had to disable the ability. -_- ps4 pro is still the best console with the best game lineup. i have an xbox one s “i know the x is equal to the pro” & the ps4 pro is better in almost every way.
the best system on the market just got even better. this new, improved ps4 is a must for any new ps4 owner. it offers higher fidelity, better hardware, and a bigger hard drive then the previous ps4 model. it is a must own for 4k owners. yes, there is not a 4k bluray player built into it, but it should not make you think twice on this amazing product. do not miss out on upcoming exclusive games that are built from the ground up to amaze on the ps4 pro like the last of us: part ii, horizon zero dawn, death stranding, spider-man, and god of war.
my kids have an xbox one but most of my coworkers have ps4s so i figured i would give it a try so i could game with them. in my opinion its a smoother gaming console, i prefer the ps4 interface and controller. i have had some irritations with xbox & my kids accounts being child accounts. mostly struggles to allow them access to some online games, but have had none of those issues with the ps4.
i purchased this playstation 4 pro console for my teenage son. we already have another ps4 that we use, but he wanted the ps4 pro. he plays it daily and has nothing but good things to say about it. we have not had one problem with it. i highly recommend!
i have had a playstation since the first version came out years ago. i was happy with my ps3 but decided to splurge and get a ps4. i am not a hard core games but will play some sports games and a few others. graphics are amazing, sound is fantastic and the box itself looks pretty cool. opting for the pro version i hopefully have future proofed as much as possible when it comes to game consoles.
to be clear, i did not own the previous version of the ps4 when i bought this. to some people, this may not be enough of an upgrade to get rid of their old ps4 and buy this one. some people report not being able to see the difference (plus this new version does not play ultra hd blu-ray movie discs, it only streams in 4k and can play 4k games). i can see the difference--but remember it requires having a 4k capable tv screen. so again, to some the upgrade might not be worth it half-way through the generation, but if you do not already have a ps4 i say go for it. chances are most gamers will have a 4k tv eventually anyway.
i have been wanting the ps4 pro for awhile and was just waiting for a sale and finally black friday came! the only complaint i have is that it does not seem to like my non-4k tv. that will have to be my next upgrade, so make sure you have a 4k tv to go along with this. some of the graphics intense games like destiny 2 do not like a standard hd 1080p tv, lots of screen glitching. everything else about the pro has been great so far. easy to setup and fun to play!
the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market. with the added graphical and processor power over the standard ps4, it allows for a superior playstation experience. with 'boost mode' adding extra power to older games and  isuper sampling' mode adding graphical benefits even to those of us that do not yet have a 4k tv.
this is my first ever playstation. i always skipped the ps1,ps2, and ps3. some ppl say theirs is noisy but mine is pretty quiet. i have it on a shelf by itself with a decent amount of airflow around it. remember this also needs airflow on the sides, not just the back. i’m enjoying it so far, games look pretty good.
i bought this because my regular ps4 (500gb) stopped giving me video feed. eventually it turned into a tomato and this all happened to be around the week after black friday. anyway, i got this unit for $250 brand new and although i do not play it much, its always good having a new console. transferring the data from my potato ps4 to this new one was very easy. i think i only needed to buy any type of landline cable and follow the instructions.
i have always been a playstation fan. but i am a gamer so i have every console. but between all of them the ps4 is by far the best. i was hesitant to upgrade to the ps4-pro because all i hear is that it is is not much better then the ps4. that is true to a point. if you do not plan on getting a 4k tv then do not upgrade because there is not any point. if you have a 4k tv or planning on getting one in the future it is a huge upgrade. especially if your tv has hdr. the color and picture quality are amazing! you wo not be disappointed.
this system is worse in some ways than the xbox one but not as buggy. one thing that sucks is you ca not search the whole market in the system for like a movie to see if it is available on hulu or netflix or whatever. it just gives you results to buy or rent it from the online store. games play a little smoother than the ps4 slim my gf has but i dont notice it too much.
i sold my normal ps4 so i could go get the ps4 pro. i can tell huge differences in destiny 2 and call of duty bo4. the smoothness in the gameplay is big. i am getting better connection speeds with the pro than i ever did with the normal ps4. so glad i upgraded.
the ps4 has the same access to 3rd party triple a games as the xbox one, but if you mostly prefer single player games or japanese games then the ps4 is your only choice at the moment. warning! do not start a fortnite account on ps4 unless you plan to play fortnite only on the ps4 because your fortnite account will be locked to your ps4 forever.
the ps4 pro does what it was advertised to do. it plays a lot of games at a 4k resolution and does stream a lot of your content [netflix and amazon video] at 4k hdr resolution as well.     the only downsides are that it does not play 4k blu-ray movies and is quite loud compared to the og ps4.     the controller is basically the same as the old one though it now has an led light on top as well.
upgraded from the original ps4 to this but not sure it is worth it yet. until more games have hdr and support 4k this will be a bust. one thing for sure though, games do run much smoother. some games do run at 60fps and there is a little bit of a difference. ff xv is sluggish with the original ps4 but this is a notable difference with the pro. my recommendation is only purchase this if you are upgrading from a ps3.
i believe the ps4 pro is getting a bad reputation from critics for no reason what so ever! this console was made with 4k visuals in mind, so anyone with a max 1080 p television or monitor, this might not be the best purchase for you over the standard ps4... however, if you do own a 4k/hdr capable tv or monitor, i recommend this console to everyone! they did not even start making games with this console in mind, but the games that were upgraded for it, look terrific! just imagine when game developers all start producing games that use the power capability of this console... why not get the best product out there, especially when it does exactly what it says... extremely entertaining, brings games to an entire new level!
i bought the pro model as a step up from my day one ps4. although my original ps4 was working ok i felt i needed the extra space on the hard drive. i also plan on purchasing a 4k tv in the near future i would go ahead with the up grade now.   i think i notice things move a little smoother than on the older unit. not a huge difference but just enough to notice.    i also like the sleeker look and i am glad the piano black section is gone.   overall i am very pleased with the upgrade.
the clarity of the ps4 pro is amazing. we had the first generation ps4 so we decided to up grade my hubby is system to the pro. at first he was upset with his bday surprise knowing we already had one, but the clarity and strength inside the pro has long since won him over...   i think the dent in the couches are worth seeing the man that takes care of everyone enjoy his gift.
for a game system that prides its self for being the best at entertainment and gaming. and says it provides the best gaming and entertainment out there. the. i believe they should live to all standards and that would be includeding playing 4k disc. good news after you already spent $400 on the ps4 pro you can spend anther $100 on the 4k disc player sony sells. do not buy the ps4 pro is your looking to play 4k disc
upgraded to a 4k/hdr tv this year, and i used my old ps4 briefly on it. it looked like i was not taking advantage of the better display so i decided to upgrade my console as well. so far it is been a blast. i know the pro does not output native 4k, but the picture quality and performance has definitely improved compared to the vanilla ps4. i plan to re-play horizon zero dawn on it as well as try out uncharted lost legacy. ca not wait.
i ordered the upgraded ps4 to replace the older version that i owned which had run out of storage space. the system runs much smoother and i did not have to give up any of my downloads! the dramatic difference in viewing pleasure makes it a gamer is best friend. very satisfied with my purchase and would not take the decision back. i ordered it online not long after release and had nothing but happy and speedy experiences with both customer service and package services :)
i used the ps4 original since release and some games just had frame rate issues at random times that caused annoying lag. the ps4 pro fixed these issues i was experiencing. fortnite was one of these games. same for ff 15. i recommend the upgrade if similar issues are happening or if you have a 4k tv. i also like the extra usb port on the back.
when sony came out with psvr, i was sold on the playstation experience, and i’m even happier with it then i thought i would be! the game library and exclusives are amazing, love vr, ps plus membership is worth it, and the controllers are comfortable. as for the pro, even without 4k (yet) i noticed a performance boost over my original ps4, and the machine is solidly made with nice finishing touches. happy customer!
the pro is basically a ps4 on steroids. apps load faster. games have shorter loads and look better with the extra horsepower under the hood. i was on the fence about upgrading from my launch day ps4. i am happy with the decision. i use it for gaming as well as my primary streaming device. disappointed that sony does not include the fox app in it is list of apps. no 4k uhd disc support is also a bummer.    overall i am satisfied with the purchase. wishing now that i would have done it a year ago.
i upgraded from the og ps4 and have noticed a big difference. i got this primarily for the psvr and i ca not say that it is night and day but does run much smoother and all the small improvements do make for a noticeable difference. i am able to play for a longer period of time with little to no eye strain and really enjoy the small upgrades and further draw distances.
after having the ps4 (original) since launch day. i decided to upgrade both my tv to an hdr 4k set. i also purchased the ps4 pro and i can see the different in the overall gaming experience. games like rise of the tomb raider, uncharted 4 and ffxv really show case the wide range of pixels and motion. the hdr boost really makes colors pop and the more powerful system really bump up the fps when playing games. if you have been thinking about upgrading, this is the time! specially with a 4k hdr tv. i recommended it, specifically with the reasonable price.
my family and i are absolutely loving this console station. i am a long-time playstation gamer, and i can remember how things looked and performed clear back to the ninety is. love the quickness of the gaming, the amount of storage too. we go the one with a terabyte of storage as we like to have many games downloaded/updated and ready to play at any moment. love the integration with the playstation vue tv network, as we had it only on a roku player app previously to purchasing. just ca not say enough how much i love this playstation.
i had been in the market to upgrade my ps3 and i am glad to have waited till the pro version came out. over all, i have not tinkered too much with it, settings and live video game stream and the works, but i did manage to play a few classic games on it and it was all that i was expecting. the price was also right so i couldnt go wrong. i will eventually upgrade my tv and then i will come back and maybe give more insight as to how stunning the graphics really are.
i bought a new 4k tv so it only felt right to get a 4k capable console. the only thing is my old ps4 with a 1tb hybrid ssd/hdd is noticeably quicker at most tasks but it is probably from the hard drive and the fact it is only outputting 1080p. i am considering upgrading to a 2tb or more in my pro. i highly recommend a hybrid ssd/hdd or solid state drive if you can afford it. surprising performance boosts! overall i am happy with my purchase!
it is the basic ps4 you know and love, but with a bigger hdd and twice as powerful gpu and is perfect for that 4k tv you may have. ( although you still get some benefits without a 4k)    i would not waste my money on the cheaper "non pro" version after this.
i moved away from xbox and upgrade to ps4 pro and it was the best decision i made. the quality of the product, the setup, menus, games, speed, features all are simply amazing.   no wonder you can buy xbox one is all over the place yet ps4 pro is always backordered.
i have owned both the original model ps4 and just recently this one.i had to sell the original about a year ago for cash. so now that i had some extra cash. i got the newer model. it is better because it is meant for newer tvs. i have a 4k tv, but the tv does not have hdr. but still it looks clearer than i have ever seen a ps4 look. i love it and highly recommend.
everything is just so much quicker and smoother than the regular ps4. you obviously need a 4k tv/display to see the difference visually but the power is noticeable right away. the menus are snappy and quick, games load quicker. i am super glad i made the jump to the pro.   the console itself is huge, much bigger than the regular ps4 and the slim.   make room for it and i would also recommend getting a vertical cooling stand as the pro runs very warm without one.
i purchased that for my son. having myself a gamer once and a hardcore xbox fan i see ps4 lacks the last oomph when it comes to ease of use and user experience. i once had my ps account back in 2000 is but at that time i am pretty sure i didnt key in my birthdate correctly. in this situation i cannot retrieve my id. setting up a parental account and having family members (minors) under it is a nightmare. i had to call/chat customer service to help uncover the basic features.     overall the gaming system is good with nice collection of games and all.
turned in my old computer for a ps4 pro and it is a great system with a lot to offer. the quality is amazing. but for some reason sometimes the frame rate drops and the system freezes for a little during games or when i press the ps button on the controller during a game to get to the home menu. overall it was worth it.
the playstation four pro is a fantastic product. i have a 4k hdr sony bravio and it looks amazing. even on non- 4k games, it upscales the 1080 p games and they look fantastic. the machine is much quieter than the original playstation four model, although if you have a 4k game, it can get somewhat loud and warm. i recommend keeping it in a open spot to allow good ventilation. if you do not have a 4k hdr compatible tv, then this is not for you.    i recommend any playstation four to anyone, especially the pro if you have 4k hdr tv
if you already own a ps4 original or slim then you already know and love the ps4. it may not be necessary to purchase a pro if you own the other version, but if you are a first time buyer i would certainly purchase a ps4 pro. it is quiet, the os is easy to use, and game look great. even better if you own a 4k television as well. its a lot of muscle for 400 dollars.
i used to own the original ps4 and i currently own the xbox one x. in a nutshell, this version is worth the upgrade if you have a 4k (hdr ready) tv and you’re invested in the sony ecosystem (own a lot of ps4 games and content).    i wo not compare the xbox one x to the ps4 pro, because i like games exclusive to each system and i personally want to take advantage of my high end tv.
i was having issues with my original ps4. updated because the old one was having issues and would flicker on screen with my new hdr setup. the new ps4 has no issues and is noticeably faster and has way better performance. i also use it to stream 4k content from amazon and netflix and everything looks great
i went from a original ps4 to the ps4 pro and most of the differences are barely noticeable, games do perform better, on 1080 you are not going to see much difference on screen. 4k is pretty nice though!   load times are definitely better, seems to run quietly, having the better wifi connection is a huge help.
a great improvement over the original console.there are significant improvements with many of my existing games. several years ago i moved completely from pc to console gaming and i will say, using the ps 4 pro i no longer feel any regret about that decision. far cry 5 is visually stunning on this console, by the way.
this rating/review only applies to my impression of the pro relative to a regular ps4. in my opinion the ps4 in general is the best home games console out there.     i was expecting to see a pretty big difference over my launch model ps4 but honestly the biggest differences are the load times and frame rates. most of the 4k compatible games are better in “performance mode” which just pushes regular upsacled hd @ 60fps rather than true native 4k. framerate hiccups definitely noticiable in all 4k games ive played. also very very disappointing that there is no 4k blu ray support.
ps4 pro is a great console to own if you are upgrading from a ps3. if you already own a ps4, then there is not much additional tech the pro offers that is worth the $400 price tag. for me it was worth it because i was upgrading from a ps3 and i have a samsung uhd television. unfortunately, it does not have 4k blu ray playback, which i think is an unfortunate oversight on sony is part. nonetheless, if you want to be able to play 4k gaming without shelling out lots more money for 4k pc gaming, then ps4 pro is the current best route.
for now this is one of the best and improved consoles out there. dont expect old games to get a better framerate because it will show a minimum improvement but anything that came out after will show improvement if you compare it to a reguar ps4 vs pro .but not to worry if your game does not run well old older games, they might have patches for them already and witht he new update where you can plug and use an external without drivers is an awesome long awaited feature playstation finally added to.
i finally decided to upgrade my ps4, to the pro and it has been one of the best decisions i have made so far! and with the 1tb hard drive i can play more games, and download more apps. the 4k would help me if i had a 4k tv lol but still amazing picture with my lg tv.
sick of some of these people complaining about how it does not have a 4k blu ray player so what get over it its a gaming console.. if you want a less powerful gaming console on the market with a 4k player so you can watch 4k movies go with xbox one s and leave it at that, stop hating on the ps 4 pro. at the end of the day this console is for the true gamer, who will enjoy the boost this system will provide for "games" and vr support. ill take a console upgrade from sony any day over having to wait 5-6 years for ps 5. its all about the options baby!
the ps4 pro is definitely an upgrade thats worth it. its not as loud as the previous model and the ui is nice and quick. but beware that hdr does seem to be glitchy with some 4k tvs and will cause a black screen for a few seconds. the fix is to set your display to game mode.
i upgraded from a ps4 to the ps4 pro, and i am very glad i did. the picture quality is astounding. with that said: it likely wo not be worth it unless you plan on using vr or have a large tv (mine is a 65" samsung suhd). but for large tvs there is definitely a noticeable difference. the 4.0 software update also makes it very quick and easy to transfer your data to the new console, especially if you have gigabit lan. looking forward to sony and game publishers taking advantage of the extra power.
i am an xbox guy generally, but finally decided to buy a ps4 pro to take advantage of my new 4k tv and play the ps4 exclusives. i still prefer the xbox one x overall, but i am surprised at how much i like the ps4 pro, and the games are amazing, i am loving horizon zero dawn. dashboard feels very fast and lightweight compared to the resource heavy dashboard on the xbox.
this is the best console on the market! the graphics are very clear and defined, however, you must have a 4k tv to experience this to it is full potential. this comes with a hdmi cable as well, which is a nice plus. it is slim and sleek design is also a eye catcher... love the ps4!
very easy to setup and get started, so many features that you will use and have fun with. if you are wondering on which console to purchase, i would highly recommend the ps4 pro over the x box. i own both and i think the ps4 has a much better overall experience with the online network, playstation store, ease of use, games, and many more things that i enjoy better than the x box. this will no doubt be a good decision. have fun!!!
using this on my 4k tv looks amazing, horizon zero dawn and shadow of the colossus look near perfect. i really like that many of the games allow you to choose between frame rate and resolution. it is not going to give you computer level options, but for $400 its certainly looks great and and is super easy to get up and running.
first time buying a ps4 since i wanted to wait until a native 4k playstation would be introduced that is also capable of playing 4k blu ray so that i can show off my 4ktv. who knows how long till that comes out so i bought a ps4pro. personally i think it looks and plays better than the xbox 1s which actually is 4k native, so i am glad i bit the bullet and made this purchase. good deal considering you get the extra storage and updated processor.
in addition to 4k tv upscaling/optimization, it is the hdr that makes this one shine. horizon zero dawn and infamous titles made me believer in the difference dynamic contrast can play in gaming. while my original ps4 offered hdr, the improved graphic fidelity and performance enhancements made this worth the upgrade. i bought this and the tcl p series. no regrets.
if you own a 4k hdr tv! you can see the difference right off the bat. for example, when i first saw skyrim special edition on pro, the sun made me squint! the color spectrum is astounding, if you set the view to the sky, especially with some clouds and had someone look at it, they would think you were showing them a video of our sky. game worlds are so much richer, and more vibrant on pro. you really should get one if you own a 4k hdr tv if its in your budget, you will not be disappointed!
i had a regular ps4 and wanted to upgrade since i have a 4k tv now. the 1 tb drive is awesome, the processor speed is awesome. the only drawback (reason for 4 stars) is the blue ray player in not 4k. which means if you want to watch 4k movies you should stream from a service like vudu or buy a separate 4k player. i use vudu and upgraded my netflix to 4k
good console. had a couple of hiccups with it in the first few weeks (random freezing). hasnt happened for a while. boost mode comes in handy for some games that really need it (blodborne and dark souls iii). ps pro enhanced will come in handy for games in the future that desperately need as much power as possible for a decent playing experience. games like persona 5, you wont see a performance difference. games like monster hunter world however is the reason why i upgraded. a bit disappointing though. not too much of an :upgrade". sold my original and spent $220 to upgrade. still dont feel it was worth it really. this should be $350 msrp, not $400.
while this purchase was not done by me i can confirm that ps4 is worth the money. i have both xbox one and ps4 and i always go for ps4 games not because of the performance of the game but because the console user interface is far superior. the layout is so much better and the pro output of 4k is heart stopping. if you wondering which console to get go for playstation. you wo not regret it.
i picked this up on the black friday deal that included a copy of destiny 2 and it was definitely worth the price. we recently had our family room tv go out and decided to upgrade to a sony 55" 4k so naturally i decided to add the ps4 pro as well. i looked hard at the xbox one x but just could not justify the extra $. games and movies look outstanding.
great gaming system, very very good graphics, my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas, i myself enjoy it as well, very good product, i think it is the best ps4 system to date, definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market, good job sony.
the ps4 pro is great but the overall transaction was a bit tedious. i think $95 was a very low trade in price for my old ps4 especially since i had put a 2 tb drive in it. i asked if they would put the old hd in for me and give me my 2 tb drive and they said they could not. the whole process seemed to take longer than it needed to and i felt like just another customer. i would recommend that others use best buy but only because of the convenience of having a place to bring a broken machine back instead of mailing for warranty.
got this to go with my new television and the upgrade from the normal ps4 were worth it. being a pc gamer also, i know this is not rendering in real 4k like i would see on my gaming pc, but at the price they are charging for the pro it will do for gaming in the living room.
if you are thinking about upgrading your visuals the ps4 pro supports your desire to view games in 4k hdr. the games that support this technology look amazing! be mindful to make sure the tv supports not just 4k uhd but hdr as well this is very important in order to make purchasing the ps4 pro worth it.
i have yet to find any drawbacks on the ps4 pro model of the ps4. i have no problem with storage since it has a 1 tb hard drive and has gorgeous fast processing to avoid lag in any of my games. it does have its moments where it can be overworked and needs time to realize you want it to open something like netflix or playstation store. besides the small glitches, it is beyond what you will ever need in a game system.
i really like this console and the newer ps4 controllers, i really appreciate not having to buy a separate kit for $30 just to get a rechargeable battery for the controller (thanks a lot xbox). the graphics are far superior to the xbox one s as i have been solely an xbox/mobile phone/ipad gamer for years, i am very impressed with the console and the ps4 menu system i feel it is more zippy than xbox. however i really hate that they did not put a 4k blu-ray player into the system, i still ca not comprehend why sony decided not to considering an xbox one s is almost half the price and has one built in. that is the only reason i am docking a star for a feature that should have been included!
overall i think this is a nice upgrade from the original ps4. although, with the checkerboard rendering that sony is getting familiar with to meet halfway with it is boost in performance and visuals in 4k it sucks that we are not able to play titles that receive the pro patch in native 4k.     the transition from my ps4 was easy. i even took the 2tb hdd from my ps4 and transferred it over to the pro and was on my way with re-downloading all my content in just a few hours time.
this is my first gaming system since the super nintendo! (yes it is been that long lol) i have played friends xboxes and playstations throughout the years. this system is awesome! easy to set up, easy to use, and works great with my new 4k tv! this thing is a beast! only recommendation i have is to buy a stand if you want to use it vertically.
as the unit is described, this is the penultimate ps4 that you can buy. it excels in every way. the scaling to 4k, the performance of the system overall is exactly what you would want from an ultimate machine. the selections of games are a bonus to the capabilities of the box itself.
bought this on a whim, and very happy i did. i have been playing with xbox for the past few years, and glad to come back to play station and enjoy this great console. love the online access, and great graphics. the pro is worth the money, great quality video, and i know when i upgrade my tv i wo not have to worry about the quality to go down.
if you have never owned a ps4 before, the ps4 pro is the one i recommend buying. you are buying more recent hardware and some performance niceties that you will appreciate with newer games. the only reason i can think to buy a ps4 slim is if money is the main driving force.
if you are buying as ps4, you must go with the pro. i bought the ps4, and after a good experience with my ps3 over the x-box 360, and an x-box one. ps4 pro is a superior machine than x-box. i am not a fanboy and i am some kid. i am a technology careered person, working in the cable/internet industry for over 20 years. i am running this system on a 65' 4k samsung tv. the images that this gaming system creates are beyond mind blowing!
life long gamer. had the ps2, ps3 (three different models), and this is my second ps4 (destiny 1 edition was my first). it is by far the best so far. noticably better graphics and frame rate. still not as good as my pc, which i consider middle of the road. but sony has some of the best exclusives, and i am happy to buy this to play them.
i bought a ps4 when they first came out and love it. i want to buy a 4k television, so i thought i would start with my game system 1st. this one is supposed to handle 4k, so i ca not wait to get my next television to pair with this.
the ps4 pro is an awesome and very powerful console! i would recommend it for those who do not currently own the regular ps4. i had a new 4k television, so it made sense for me to spend the extra money on the pro model. i do not regret the extra cost at all. the graphics are beautiful and loading times are very fast. if you already have a ps4, i would not upgrade. i would wait it out for the future console that playstation puts out.
hook this up to a 1080p tv and it will look better than the standard ps4, since it outputs in native 1080p for games that support it. hook this up to a 4k+hdr tv and it is like jumping from ps3 to ps4 as far as the difference in graphics and picture quality is concerned. have not had any issues with it yet, easily swapped out the hard drive for a sshd (really makes a difference now that sata iii/6gbps is used, rather than the og ps4 sataii/3gbps).
if you want a great 4k gaming experience at an affordable price this is the console you want to get, this is going to be the most powerful console on the market for another 1-2 years. do not let the xbox fans persuade you, yes the xbox one has a 4k blu-ray drive but it does not really have any good exclusives, most of it is exclusives are on the pc. i have 1 4k blu-ray to my name that i only watched once, i do more streaming than disc watching, normal blu-rays still look crisp.
wanted to get my foot in the door with a playstation 4. did not want the xbone. got the playstation 4 pro. i am an avid pc gamer who dabbles in console from time to time. i like that playstation does not require proprietary hardware. also like the fact that they never tried to do gaming keys for disk play.
i would been waiting quite some time to get this, for many reasons, but i am extremely glad i finally pulled the trigger on this decision. the quality of play is 10x better than i would dreamed (i am a pc gamer mostly and the lack of lag so far is amazing) plus i am a sucker for the final fantasy series, so it was a win win. plus a blue-ray player? yeah. worth the buy.
well made and runs very quiet. the ps4 pro loads games fast and can download other stuff while your playing a game which is very convenient. i missed out on last gen ps3 games like mgs4 and hope at some point they will add it or remaster it to ps4. hope my review helped, and have a good day. ;)
this is our first foray into the next/current gen systems, and we are absolutely loving it. my only complaint is just how late we are and how many updates we are having to install as a result for the games we bought. regardless, the graphics are gorgeous, the controller is solid, and we are even thinking of cutting cable and going with ps vue for our tv needs. definitely glad we waited for the pro version; it is treating us right.
i have been wanting a ps4 since launch but could not justify it with the little time i had. well i finally could not stand it jumped on a good ps4 deal. i am so happy i did. i am enjoying it so much more than my xbox one. the graphics are more impressive. the last of us, uncharted 4, and horizon have blown everything i have played on xbox one away. i can not believe i waited so long. worth every penny!
playstation 4 is a great game system and plays blue ray cds. an entertainment double threat. my new hp computer is exceptionally fast and easy to use. the geek squad did an excellent job setting up and installing both systems. a very professional job and a detailed explanation to cover usage on both purchases.
i traded my regular ps4 in for the pro and it has been an awesome decision despite not being a hardcore gamer. i do not get the utilization as my vizio 4k tv does not support hdr on hdmi (but does in iapp, wth?!?) nonetheless still makes a huge difference in picture quality. i watch a lot of movies on the epix app in 4k since my cable service is only 1080i
bought this for my son. he had always been an xbox player, but wanted to engage more with friends who had ps4. he is very happy with his choice. the graphics are amazing and life like. i enjoy their excitement as i watch the family and friends engage together. it was money well spent
i have always been a playstation user and i could not go without having this one. i previouly owned a ps4 first gen and i can def notice slight difference in loading times but overall an improvement to the vr look. i hated having two usb ports but this one has three (two in the front and one in the back).
the last time i played was the ps2 era, they’ve added a lot of complexity and depth to gameplay but i find the controller to be severely lacking. took me way too long to get aim down on fps games. driving dynamics are good in the driving games i’ve played.
works well, good graphics. but- rally there is no reason to buy this system. i notice very little difference in graphics. i bought this so my vr system would have more power. eh... its the same too!    still, is a ps4 and this is how much i paid when they first released a few years back so for that its worth it. better technology on the inside...
having a 1080p tv without hdr, this was more of a "im buying this because i can, not because i should" expierence. this difference is resoultion from my launch ps4 is somehwhat noticeable, but hardly a must buy if you own one. thats not to say, i was disappointed, load times are faster, and frame rates are smoother. the new upgraded controller is a pleasant suprise i must say. the joysticks and triggers feel more responsive and of better build.   this is a must buy for 4k tv owners who dont have a ps4, for the rest of us if you got the cash, then why not. otherwise save your money and expand your library and hdd space.
the playstation 4 pro is not an essential upgrade if you already have a regular ps4, however, i do not think anyone will be disappointed since this unit has huge advantages over the original. if you do not have any ps4, get this one. if you already own a ps4, this generally is not essential unless you desperately want a slightly higher resolution, performance, and storage capacity out of the box.
got the ps4 pro when i upgraded to a new 4k tv. i like playstation more than x-box. i have a stand alone 4k dvd player to watch movies. i got the ps4 pro to play games. awesome combo of a sweet tv and a sweet ps4. video games are my winter hobby and this winter will be awesome. just gotta pick up some new games :)
i bought this console so that i could play a couple ps4 games that i had my heart set on but quickly fell in love with the other features of the ps4 as well. in addition to gaming, i use my ps4 regularly to watch tv/movies/videos with apps like hbo, youtube, mlb.tv, espn, and listen to music with spotify. with the ps4 in my living room, i rarely need another device for home entertainment.
i have an xbox one and this ps4, and so far i found that ps4 had much more unique titles coming out. the system is flawless, i love everything about it.  why did i get a pro and not the regular version?  although all the reviews i read recommended that i buy the cheaper version because there was no noticeable differences in graphics, i decided to get the pro because i read that it works better for the vr and that some games will be enhanced for this version of the ps4 (future prooof)
when you buy it,just keep in mind that you will be downloading updates for a week and you wo not be able to use it online for a while.after all the updates though,i can say that i am absolutely satisfied.i bought this instead of the xbox one.i was hesitant at first because i usually stick with microsoft but this is an exception.
i recently purchased a 4k tv (not from b.b. - sorry) and i wanted to take advantage of it by upgrading my ps4 to the pro version. it is totally worth it if you have the 4k tv. if not then do not. the games you have many of them are already in 4k and the detail shows. the extra storage space is a great help. get it!
my ps3 broke after using it for, oh, about a decade it seems, so i bought the ps4 to replace it. love just about everything about it ... great for playing games and watching old dvds. the only knock is that it wo not play old ps3 games, which you should definitely know before purchasing this.
ps4 pro is a nice upgrade from the original ps4 released 3 years ago. it is better and improved in every way. i am also glad they decided to not include a uhd 4k drive so they could keep the cost down. if you are looking for a console with a uhd 4k player look to the xbox one s. the hardware is not as powerful as the ps4 pro but you will be able to play games and watch the limited but growing amount of uhd blu rays that are available.
people are complaining because it does not play 4k blu-ray discs, but do you really need it? there is like 15 4k movies available. this a gaming machine, everything is digital now. the specs are showing a beast of a machine and what is more, there are a bunch of hdr compatible games coming.
i have always been a pc gamer but bought the ps4 pro to enjoy 4k hdr content and play the exclusives. it is a great console and not only has it been trouble free, but any issue that arises can most likely be solved with a quick google search thanks to the large playstation community.
i have had my ps4 since it first came out, and it has been an awesome system, so i can only say better things about the ps4 pro, looks amazing on a 4k tv, internet connection is alot better since the improved nic. just to much to list, just get yourself one, you wont be sorry
i waited a few months before i bought this console. i was undecided between the ps4 pro and the xbox one x, but ultimately i went for the ps4 and it was a great decision! i’m not a hardcore gamer but the graphics and performance is pretty impressive, this system does not disappoint.
i have the ps4 and now the pro. some nice features and better graphics if the games are upgraded or made to take advantage. for sure battlefield1 looks better on the pro than the older version. it loads faster as well. i needed another ps4 for different room and the pro was on sale.
was in the market for a second ps4 for another room in the house and got this. been a few months now and i ca not seem to get it to play in 4k but the picture is definitely better than my reg ps4. gonna get some high end hdmi cables one day and really take advantage of my hdr tv and the ps4 pro.
i will say i was/am a little disappointed in this not having a uhd player, that aside i would recommend this console only to those who do not own a ps4 or jus want the best ps4 out at the moment. at the end of the day this is twice as fast as the original ps4 and slim ps4 as well as any xbox one console released as of now. i got this bundled with a sony 55" 4k hdr tv for only $900, so i am not complaining.
i love this console - i have had an xbox 360 for a long time and debated forever about whether to upgrade to an xbox one or ps4. totally worth the switch. of course there is an overall improvement due to updated hardware, but there are also way more exclusive games that i am interested in, plus it is way easier to use online features without getting sucked into buying some sort of subscription.
i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4. the ps4 pro does not disappoint. it outperforms the regular ps4 in loading times, navigating the menu, and game performance. the 4k support is great too. i will eventually get the vr with this.    if you are wondering whether to upgrade, i recommend it, just sell your old ps4.
i love my ps4 pro. i used to have a ps4 and upgraded to the pro to utilize the 4k feature. yes i cannot put 4k movies into it but who buys movies anymore? i bought it specifically to reduce load times and for 4k gaming and because i am a sony fanboy. if this review doesnt resonate with you then just go for the regular ps4 slim bundle. it does basically the same thing for a lot less!
as of right now, netflix is your biggest source of 4k on this console. other streaming services offer very little to no 4k content on the pro. forget about movies too. there are no online providers, like vudu, that sell 4k on the pro, and the pro does not have a 4k disc reader. now, i did not buy it for the movies, as i bought it for the games. the pro enabled games are gorgeous and make it a 4 star purchase if you already have a 4k t.v. if you do not have a 4k t.v., save your money. the current lack of 4k content keeps me from giving the 5th star.
if you are looking for the best of the best in 4k this is your best option for a console right now. from the start up i had a few issues with my tv recognizing the 4k signal. i had to start in safe mode and manually select which 4k output i wanted to use. not sure if that was a ps4 issue or my cheap visio tv. however, once i got it up i could immediately see a difference just from the menu. i sold my original ps4 for $225 and got the pro for $375 after using my best buy reward points. if you are thinking of getting an external hard drive for your 500gb ps4 i would just go a little more expensive and get the pro. you get 1tb plus all the more power. horizon zero dawn looks way better on the pro.
this guy has twice the gflops as the normal ps4. i bought it mostly for vr, and i noticed that games run a bit smoother than on my launch ps4. copying my data over via ethernet was painless, but can be a bit time consuming if you have a lot of data. i just wish it game standard with a 2tb hdd, but 1tb is enough to get you going for a while.
i had put off buying a ps4 for quite some time, due to the price, but in the end, it seems worth it. runs fine, good games out for it now and coming out in the next few months. the ps4 pro controller is also compatible with my pc games via the usb cord, so that is an added bonus, and if you stream games like i do, you can use the psn is remote play (free) to stream through obs instead of using the kind of weird interface built into the ps4 is streaming setup. i just wish it did not require a premium subscription to psplus to play video games online with people.
i was skeptical about upgrading my old ps4 to this. but i’m all sold now it was a great investment. i am planning on buying a 4k monitor with 1ms response time, with this things will flow like a charm. boost mode is great ! compared to my old ps4 this is much more quieter!
it does everything you would want it to do, mainly play blu rays. in the off chance you want it for playing games it also does that! and very well. but not at 4k so get that idea out of your head. it allows for 4k streaming. i do not care too much about 4k at this point, i bought this because someone else took over my original ps4 for streaming. it works just as well. i have not noticed anything better or worse about it, except maybe heat.     but at this point, there is no reason to buy the original unless you can get a smoking deal. it is a fun system and it has some great exclusive games. i recommend it if you are averse to buying/building a pc. you will still have fun with it, i promise.
while this is a solid upgrade from the playstation 3 it seems they are complicating things as well. for example how many different logins does one need to have just to play a game. but maybe the most frustrating of all is now you have to pay to play online.
i would definitely recommend the pro but it is best to have it if you have pro compatible games and a 4k tv with it but it runs games smoother and you can see and feel the difference even if you do not have a 4k in the game play smoother frame rates faster loading times.
ps4 pro is a very good upgrade. sure it wo not be as powerful as the upcoming scorpio, nor is it as good as a high-end gaming pc, but it is still a great console in my opinion.     it comes standard with a 1tb hard drive, improved gpu, and other enhancements like boost mode. it is a great console to get particularly if you have a 4k hdr tv.
got the pro instead of the slim since i already had a 4k hdr tv. games like the last of us and tomb raider can be run at higher res or higher frames. for me personally the higher frame rates alone made the pro worth it. playing the last of us at 60fps makes the entire experience better. i hope more developers push towards the option of high frames or higher graph fidelity, but currently many are not. just picked up ff15 and currently it only supports super sampling on the pro which to me does not make a huge difference. i would much prefer it to have higher frame rates. i hope to see more pro support in future games.   in short buy the pro if you care about higher frame rates and have a 4k tv.
this is a great console. i am glad i bought it. i have an original ps4 that i purchased day one. i have been wanting a second one for a while. i have a 4k tv already, so it was a no brainer. i can tell that it has more horsepower while navigating the menus as well. if you have a 4k tv, do not hesitate. buy it!!!
first let me mention that i am coming from a ps3, so i wo not doubt that users who already own a ps4 do not see much of a difference between the ps4 and the pro. however, i am sure by the summer once some more games are updated you will see a big difference. also, like most have already stated if you do not already have a ps4 and you have a 4k tv you should buy this instead.
i upgraded to the pro from the ps4 and it is well worth the upgrade. i have a 4k hdr tv and i see a difference for sure. so far i have played call of duty , tomb raider, battlefield 1, and infamous first light. all look great on the pro.
glad i made the purchase. i was contemplating waiting for ps5, but opted to get the ps4. the reason for the contemplation was the 4k drive, after reading various articles and really thinking about spending $30 for a 4k dvd, the choice was simple.     purchase this, you wo not regret it.
ps4 with one disappointment, it wo not support 4k drive to play 4k movies. but this one supports a 4k gaming and way better than xbox one s in terms of performance. if you are watching lot of 4k movies along with gaming, xbox one s would be your choice. but if you want more performance, speed and 4k gaming beast for long term, ps4 pro is your final destination.
if you own a 4k tv and want to purchase a powerful console as well. there is really no other option for gaming than the ps4. even if you are picking one up and do not own a 4k tv yet. it is only $100 more than the slim and you will future proof your console.i also recommend picking up battlefield 1 or ratchet and clank if you really want to see what you are paying for
mind you i had a perfectly fine ps4 but the problem was i was looking into buying a new hard drive due to the 500gb had been used up and this bad boy 1tb what more could i ask for??   4k quality faster processor, i thought there was going to be a huge size difference but no it is basically the same size does not take up anymore space on my shelf it is perfect
i was a bit skeptical of the 4k gaming the ps4 pro can offer. but i am glad i did make the purchase. right off the bat i saw a difference in clarity. some games even offer options to play in 4k and yes you can notice a difference. fyi you need a 4k tv to see that difference. i liked my regular ps4 but i love my new ps4 pro. if you have the tv then get it.
the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console. i love the fact that you can just watch other platforms on ps4 pro in 4k.this console is my favorite out of all the consoles i had, mostly the fact that i only had playstation consoles for my entire life. you wo not regret getting this console, unless you do not have a 4k tv.
fast, great graphics, 1tb hd is definitely handy, may need an even bigger one yet! only downfall for this is the size of the updates. as soon as we took it out of package and plugged it in, it had a 8.5gb update. took over 45minutes for that to finish.
the 1tb drive was my reason to upgrade. i had no memory to install any more data. if you are buying this for a true 4k experience then this is not for you. the ps pro runs hdr not true 4k. the pro does load faster & the hdr gives you near 4k resolution.
for people without the 4k tv, this is a pointless purchase, get the ps4 slim instead. $100 for an unnoticeable upgrade to only some games is not worth it.    for people with a 4k tv, the ps4 pro will feature upscaled games to 4k, this does not mean games will run natively on 4k but they will look better on your 4k tv. if you are more interested in hdr, then the original ps4 and ps4 slim will both offer it. this does not run 4k uhd discs for the sake of sony selling a separate one. xbox one s has the 4k player and also plays hdr games for $100 less, better deal.    unless you absolutely want a small jump in graphics for some games and have $100 to spend, then you do not need this.
great updated system resolution, processor is faster, fan is quieter, the lag is not noticeable as it was on the previous ps4 system. for anyone who is a fan of ps4 this is the system to get. highly recommended it. highly recommend you get a 4k tv when purchasing this ps4 otherwise you wo not see its full capability.
at this point, i would only recommend the playstation 4 pro to gamers who have or are planking to purchase a 4k television with hdr. the hardware is impressive, but ps4 games just have not caught up with the latest display technology yet. hopefully in the next year or so, developers will begin to more fully utilize the upgraded 4k display abilities.
sony has amazed me with the performance of the pro for only $400. currently, the ps4 pro is by far a superior "gaming" machine for the $ spent. i recommend this to anyone in the market for a gaming console until sony releases a true 4k machine ... (which will likely come after sony releases their 4k blu-ray player coming out in early 2017).
this is a 4k gaming machine, but 1080p users also benefit from the extra horsepower. in some case more so than those gaming on a 4k tv. you will notice a faster load times and smoother frame rates. if you decide to install a sshd drive, you are console will load even faster and your console will run more efficient.
latest and greatest version of the ps4 more memory faster processors and 4k capable. if you already have a ps4 this is a totally unnecessary upgrade unless you just want another for the better graphics and bigger memory capacity ( which is why i got it ). but if you are getting your first ps4 definitely get this version.
ok i have waited a while to buy a ps4, so i was happy to see the clarity and detail after setting the sony 850d configuration to match the hdr. so far i am happy with the speed and display of the limited use i have had of gaming.  i do not know if i would miss anything over the normal ps4 but i am glad i do not have to worry about it with the pro.
i love ps game consoles and finally got to purchase a ps4 pro. it does not seem to make loading a game faster but the overall game system is quicker to respond and works very well even with my, at times, lower internet speeds. i recommend the console. i paid more for the pro even though the slim came with free games and i do not regret it.
the ps4 pro is a premium console it is designed to do what no other console has previously done, which it excelled and reached that benchmark. with nice technical specs and enhanced visuals which makes of a good combination for a great console. the only downfall is there is no 4k blu ray player included in with the system, while sony makes blu ray discs bucome on now sony otherwise impressive system.
this system is quite powerful. load times are much faster compared to original ps4. make sure you do have a tv that is compatible with 4k/hdcp/hdr for full effect. also note that the hdr feature is not a system based feature, the game itself dictates whether or not the system will broadcast 4k. the only complaint is that if i switch between hdmi ports while the ps4 pro is still on, then go back to the ps4 pro i experience a static screen. from the research i have done this is due to hdcp broadcasting through the hdmi. make sure to use the supplied hdmi cable. note this does not occurs while playing the pro. only if inputs are switched. overall this is a great console
hi, everyone, just wanna let you know,my grandson love this machine, best buy had it at a very reasonable price, and i always insure my purchases with the geeks, those guys are awsome.keep up good work, i always get my shopkick points when i am in the store, so drop buy check out the store, nice and clean. i love it.
since the sony vr release in october 2016. we knew we would have to upgrade our ps4 to the ps4 pro and upgrade our t.v. in order to experience what the pro was capable of. since upgrading everything, we absolutely love the new ps4 pro. if you are contemplating the upgrade, do it and you will love every second of it!!
i had the regular before i decided to upgrade. despite having a non-hdr 4k tv, i have seen some significant improvements on the detail and quality. i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference. i have a monster black 4k hdmi cable and that helps too. worth the money, even more if you have or can get a hdr10 capable tv.
i had a ps4 uncharted edition that i purchased in july of 2016. recently it completely stop loading it was giving me a update loop. i had to reset the hard drive just to get to the main menu and after a few hours it would do it again. yea, the hard drive was completely shot. i was able to get a replacement and i opted for the pro. the best decision i love the design. all i need is a 4k tv
i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv. some games look amazing, others just run very smooth. if you do not have a 4k tv, i would not really go out and buy a ps4 pro, however if you do get one, it will make the games look great and maximize your tvs full potential.
if you have the money and your willing to upgrade your regular ps4 to the ps4 pro it is definitely worth it, with hdr 4k compatibility and a better running internal system what more could you ask, my only cons with it is the max tb is i can install is 2tb is which is not much for a hardcore gamer and the usb port in the front of the system was hard for me to put a regular usb into it, i had to break open my usb in order to put it into the ps4 pro is usb slot so i could install the latest update that is why i gave it a four out of five stars it is nothing major but overall i am very satisfied with the ps4 pro.
ps4 pro is a great console. you can stream your gaming in 1080p 60fps and capture in 30fps. images and video are much smoother than a regular ps4. thicker than normal usb flash drives wo not fit in the front. it is a very powerful and durable system. the os is much better than xbox one.
i recently purchased a sony tv x900e and the ps4 works very well with the tv as very good color good blacks good brightness if you were going to buy a ps4 pro definitely have a tv that will be good hdr. the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster.
my friend bought a psvr for his regular ps4, and it was awesome, so i was convinced to buy a ps4 after not haven gotten one since it came out. i purchased the ps4 pro, a psvr, and to my surprise, the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro. i would definitely recommend the upgrade for any psvr enthusiasts.
i originally bought the ps4 slim bundle with star wars battlefront 2 for $300 which was good but then a week later i seen the pro on sale for 350 and could not pass up the deal to go with my new 4k 65in tv. i love this thing the resolution is great but the biggest noticeable difference was the download time. when i had the slim it took over 3 hours to download the new call of duty ww2 and with the pro it downloaded in 45min.
i love this console! i previously had a regular ps4 which i ended up selling. all arround the styling and functionality are great. i also have a 4k tv which is where this console really shines. i didnt realize how much detail was missing before i switched. i would highly reccomend this especially if you have a 4k tv!
there are many on the fence about the ps4 pro...  the bottom line is that the console is a solid machine.  4k or not, you stand to benefit from the performance boost the console will give your gaming. if it is graphical boost your looking for... check!  if it is a speed boost in load times... check!  the system is a beast!
i did not have a ps4 yet and i do own a 4k tv so this was a no brainer. netflix in ultra hd works fine and uncharted 4 with hdr looks amazing. however if you do not have a 4k tv id recommend the slim because the ps4 pro on a 1080p tv would only be getting faster load times and a tad higher frames per second on some games.
having never had a playstation 4 i was out and bout one day and decided to buy one, having bought it now i understand why playstation is years ahead of xbox. the graphics are just amazing and the system its self is really quiet. overall best gaming system i have owned.
sony has amazed me with the performance they get out of this machine for only $400. while i love the xbox one s i recently purchased, this is by and far a superior "gaming" machine for the $ spent. i recommend this to anyone in the market for a console this holiday season. especially those looking to dip their toes into vr.
this is arguably the best gaming console out right now especially for the price point. the ps4 interface blows away xbox and seems to have much better active sales on games. the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center.
bought my first ps4 on launch day, zero issues since, i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year. ended up buying it and it works great with my 4k tv. highly recommended if you are upgrading from the standard ps4 and you got yourself a 4k tv.
i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior. the graphics are great and so is the sound. not much difference in the menu; just more options to choose from because of the 4k options. the reason for 4 stars is because the unit does not play 4k uhd blue-rays. i also still miss backwards compatibility. great unit and expected nothing less from sony. ca not wait for the next gen unit.
i upgraded to the ps4 pro from the original model and it did not take a lot of effort at all. the whole process was done in a few easy steps (in my opinion) and the new system works just fine. the visuals do seem upgraded as well even on my 1080p tv and the framerates seem to be more stable.
i originally bought the pro version for the bigger hard drive. i was not concerned about the 4k game play. i do own a 4k tv and to my surprise. the picture quality was so much better that i actually noticed it, and liked it! crisp clean and sharp.   now if sony would just send an update out to play 4k blurays.
i purchased this as a gift for my son. he has historically been an xbox player, but with the newest games that are slated to be released for ps4, he decided this 1tb ps4 was what he wanted as his christmas gift.  thus far, he is thoroughly enjoying his ps4 & ca not wait for new games to become available.
it pushes games nice and smoothly. we were coming from an xbox, so we are used to the gaming console controlling the whole media center. that is the not the case for the ps4. there are a lot of cables that are hide to conceal. that is our only complaint. if your entertainment center is away from your tv, you will have your cables exposed. otherwise, my family gets a kick out of the vr headset. games are crazy!
cannot put it down. this and my switch have become our homes main consoles. 3ds and xbox one have barely been touched since we got these. have not had a sony system since ps1 and i regret it now. so many good games, great user interface, this is everything i want in a home console
i finally decided to upgrade from the ps3. i had never played a ps4 before but figured i might as well get one that is future proofed. i do not have a 4k tv but the the graphics and speed are amazing. the ps store also runs much smoother. if you are in the market for the ps4 i will recommend the pro.
my goodness, i am glad i waited until the pro came out. i have never been happier with a gaming console purchase. having or buying a good 4k tv on sale will really make the ps4 pro shine. i highly recommend buying the pro version over the original if you have not bought a ps4 yet.
this is the must have console right now. if you have a 4k with hdr tv, this is your gaming console. very noticeable improvements, vr runs seamless with higher frame rate. 4k uhd streaming. this is a gaming console first, so reasons for not having a 4k drive makes sense right now. stream it, or buy a uhdbd player.
i have an lg oled and i was wanting a console that took full advantage of the 4k picture so i purchased the pro. man i could not be more happy with this console! i bought horizon zero dawn to go with it and man that game looks amazing with my tv! if you have a 4k tv then you must own a ps4 pro!
i was not expecting that big of a difference however i am very glad i purchased the pro games run a little better the menus are faster downloads  are faster and the wifi is better on the pro, it can pick up my 5ghz channel on my asus router on the old ps4 it could not so, a big plus for that.
i have had my ps3 since it came out. i remember paying over 500 for it. still works great but wanted to upgrade and i said to myself "might as well go big" so i got the pro. looks amazing on my bravia 65" uhd. still getting used to the ps4 set up, a little different than main menu on the ps3.
the graphics are amazing. seems like no load screens. played horizon zero dawn, battlefront, and madden 17 so far. these new systems pretty much require the internet. it is awesome if you have internet, if not you are limited to the games you have a physical copy of and have single player.
i have been a sony console buyer since late 90 is. and i always upgrade to the newest console they have. except the slim versions. i prefer the launch consoles. this console is powerful, comes with plenty of space, it is fast, and can produce amazing graphics. best console i have played hands down.
this is our first ps4. i was happy with my ps3 but because of games coming out exclusively on ps4, i jumped the gun. i am so glad i waited until this one came out. the graphics are awesome and i love that the memory is so large. i am very careful with my tech so i see such a long time with this ps4 pro.
upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money. games, apps and ui load four times faster than the base ps4 and the 4k output is gorgeous (if you have a 4k tv). everything about it is bigger better and faster.
the oicture is amazing, i did though upgrade the storage space by using an external seagate backup plus slim 2tb. i have to say i dont complain about space at all now. ghost recon, horizon zero dawn, elder scrolls, and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection.
bought to view 4k content on my 4k tv it does that very well. it is slower than my original ps4 that i had installed an ssd drive in it. i will have to eventually do that in this one as well since there is a noticeable performance difference with and without it.
i have both the ps4 pro and the xbox one s. and honestly the ps4 pro is better when it comes to gaming performance. but the xbox is good to for other reasons. if your looking for a gaming system that is quick and does not lag at the menu of the interface and even on games then the ps4 pro usb for you
if you like gaming and want more space this is the system to get. it has 4k capability and a whopping 1tb drive. it dose not play ultrak movies but that is not my primary concern. there is no need to upgrade if you have a ps4. i got it for the storage and gaming specs. worth to buy for core gaming.
i love my ps4 pro. i had my old ps4 since ps4 was launched so i needed an upgrade cause it was starting to give problems. cool thing is that it can upscale to 4k for a 4k tv but to bad it do not play 4k blu-ray but like wat people say, it is a gaming machine not a blu-ray player. love my new ps4 pro
i sold my regular ps4 about a year ago to switch to pc but after seeing all the ps4 exclusives for 2017 i had to pick one up and looking at the 4k market price being okay at this point no better thing than to get a 4k capable system over the regular 1080p ps4. do not regret this wonderful purchase.
i have always been a fanboy of ps consoles. this is just the icing on the cake! faster, better processor and double the storage space. backwards compatible with all your ps4 games. if you have not bought a ps4 and considering getting one. save your money and purchase the pro. you cant go wrong.
i do not have a 4k tv, but i decided to get the ps4 pro because i know that in the next 6 months i will get a 4k tv. in the mean time i love how fast the pro is, and for most of the games i have played, they have updated the game for faster frames-per-second. highly recommend
additional storage capacity is great for the hardcore gamers but i was after the picture quality on a 4k 75 inch tv. it is outstanding. the only cons are that sony still needs to work on the cooling issue...make sure that you have a place that is ventilated because it does get warm.
i bought this console due to the fact that most exclusives and triple aaa games now are optimized for the ps4 pro. it definitely showed a different between the old and new. if you really care about graphics and fps then i recommend you buy this and if not then it is not for you.
it is been a while since i purchased a game console. however, my priorities with this purchase are slightly reversed. i was originally looking for a 4k dvd player. then i ran across this guy and figured it would be nice to have the option to play games too. so far, i’m happy with my decision.
not a surprise here. i have had a ps4 for quite some time, and have longed for the new "ps4 pro" since it was first announced. the ps4 pro does not disappoint. if there was one thing i would add, it would be the ability to play .mkv files, as well as h265; but you ca not have everything, right? ;-)
i have always been an xbox fan but recently all my friends either switched to ps or stopped playing and playing by myself was way to boring so i decided to finally make the switch. i am pretty happy overall, the part i hated the most is the controller, i am still trying to get used to their icons instead of abyx but i have gotten used to their joystick layout. overall great product, have not been able to test the 4k yet.
..but the ps4 is a vast improvement over all previous gens in my opinion! i got it specifically to play horizon zero dawn...and it is behaved beautifully thus far! the new controller also feels more substantial than any previous gens. again, not my favorite console to play on, but it is a solid 2nd :)
our family loves our ps4 but dad and mom get no game time to play. we watch our movies on our ps4 too. so we bought one for the master bedroom so adults get play time. now about the ps4 if a fantastic console. we play games, watch tv and our blu-ray disk on the console. it does it all except being an av receiver and smartthings hub. if sony could do that then it would be the perfect
gotta say i am pretty impressed with this console. so far runs every game great, they look amazing compared to the xbox version(i own both). much smother experience with the os also over the xbox. if you already own a ps4 tho i do not see the need to upgrade unless you have a 4k tv.
having a 4k tv means you should have one of these babies... it upscales games 4k, 2160p. the processor and ram is slightly better than standard ps4s, so even if you do not have a 4k tv you can still benefit from this. however, i do not recommend replacing a standard ps4 unless you own a 4k tv.
i upgraded my old ps4 to the pro. 4k gaming, faster frame rates on some old games and future games. you get pretty much the same features as the old ps4 with a little more power. my only complaint is that it does not have a 4k player. i have the xbox one s so it is not a huge problem for me.
i love playstation. i’ve had every previous console. they’ve never let me down and the interface is so simple and user friendly. great memory capacity, video quality, and processing speed. not into gaming as much as i used to be so i ca not go into much detail, but i can guarantee you it beats the xbox one s. i’ve played both. only complaint is that it is not backwards compatible.
uograded my playstation when i got a new 4k tv. it works amazing and the picture is out of bounds! i have been playing final fantasy 15 and the difference from my standard ps4 to the pro is amazing. so crisp and clean. and movies in ultra hd lol ok real enough to touch like you were there
pairing the contoler is a massive pain, the one that came with it still is not paired, thankfully i bought a second, which still took several attempts and a reboot or two. after the updates and downloads it has exceeded my expectations. it is excellent as a game platform, dvd player, streaming content center, it does it all.
definitely see the difference from my old ps4 to the pro. did not plan on upgrading to the pro but due to the motherboard going out on my old one i decided to upgrade. so far i have no complaints other than the lack of 4k blue-ray. graphics look great and more detailed now.
i never had a ps4, so i honestly ca not compare the pro with the base model ps4.    with that said, the games look fantastic! if you already have a ps4, i doubt upgrading to the pro model will be worth the high price tag, but if you do not have a ps4 and want one, the pro is the way to go.
i have the day one xbone. waited for the ps4. happy i waited long enough for the pro to come out. it is an amazing console. got the samsung ks8000 to go with it and paired they are amazing. games look sick. this thing boots to a game in under a minute. supper happy.
i was not sure about buying the ps4 pro but i am so glad i did. this is a faster louder and bigger machine but it is worth it. if you have the extra cash go ahead and sell your old ps4 and upgrade. make sure that your tv plays hdr content otherwise it is kinda pointless to have it.
this system is great for anyone that has a 4k tv with hdr capabilities. if you do not have a 4k hdr tv i would get the ps4 slim instead. the system runs very quiet but very hot. i had the system in a well ventilated area and it ran very hot to the touch. i than placed 4 fans around the system and it still was very hot to touch. this makes me nervous with long term use and recommend anyone buying this system to also get an extended warranty. hopefully sony can lower temperatures in an updated version.
i bought this because i wanted to upgrade my ps4 to 4k because i got the 4ktv and i feel like having just the old ps4 doesnt fits on my 4ktv set..so when i got my new ps4 pro it works perfectly and i love it..the graphics are so much smoother and amazing
i was already happy with my ps3,since i was able to play 3d games and movies. the reason why i decided to switch to ps4 system is because sony launched the vr technology and i do not regret buying it because this game console is the best so far,with 4k and more storage capacity.
had the system for about a month now, its amazing how quiet this machine is compared to my launch ps4. faster as well, and the games look better in certain settings by a lot. quietly surprised and excited for the new games that will take advantage of the extra power.
i went to at least 6 places looking for this ps pro, finally jumped online and ordered it! best buy had it in less than an hour!   i am really enjoying it as well, i am a serious gamer and it has actually made a difference in performance and graphics
i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming!!!
well, playing with the ps4 on an old tv was ok. after purchasing a 4k tv and have a 5.1 surround system, playing with the ps4 was great. without the right components involved such as the 4k tv & surround sound, one would never experience the full benefits of ps4
if you have a 4k tv especially with hdr support then this console is an excellent choice over the slim. the only thing i dont like is the design but i really dont care enough to dock a game console based on looks.     the reason only 4 stars is there arent enough games getting pro support. this has improved over the time ive owned the console but its still not where you want to see it.
i loved my ps4 pro, it is a very powerful console. i do not like to compare it with xbox or judge since i have never had an xbox. i am very satisfied with my purchase even though it does not support 4k discs, but anyway i am not going to buy expensive 4k movies with $29.99 each.
when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected. the menus are fast. i do not even want to use my tv for accessing netflix because this is way faster. additionally, pro optimised games run and look quite significantly better than regular ps4 games.
my old ps4 was soooo loud after an hour of playing online so i decided to upgrade. this new ps4 is so quite and i am so happy with this upgrade. games feel smother and downloads seem faster. i played 4 hr straight of battlefield 1 and the fan bearly turned on.
was very skeptical about upgrading from the original os4 but man have i been blown away with the graphics and the speed for the original.  if you do t have 4k i ca not tell you the difference but if you do you will see a huge difference  i play nba 2k is crystal clear 4k!
i love the ps4 is nice to have updated 4k games even though it is not true 4k. however there is a difference. my biggest issue is that the 4k player was not added. which i find weird since that is sony is thing. but it is still a very good console and a nice update for those who have 4k. if you do not have 4k then i would advise to stick with the original ps4 if you do not have the original then go ahead and purchase the pro you are going to enjoy the better frame rate and slightly better resolution.
full disclosure: i have been xbox since long ago. i bought this ps4 purely for the purpose of playing overwatch with my ps4 friends. i figure if i was going to take the ps4 plunge, i should get the newest shiniest because of the promise of vr. my only real issue is that the the controller has a couple of recessed buttons that my fat fingers ca not activate. i have a 4-k tv, but i really do not see a difference between the xboxone and the ps4pro, but i am sure that is not the tv is fault.
so far i am impressed with some of the improvements i have seen. if your gonna buy vr in future you might as well get this console as it offers enhancement to vr and also older patched and upcoming titles for ps4 especially if you have a 4k hdr tv
got the ps4 pro mostly to play playstation exclusives that are not on the xbox one and have been extremely satisfied so far. one of the biggest drawbacks for me though is the fact that the console does not use the extra power in the pro to run older ps4 games better like the xbox one s without patches to unlock the extra power and the fact that the online functions are not as good as the xbox one also the lack of a 4k drive also kind of sucks since i got a 4k movie free with the console.
i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given. even without a 4k tv this machine is superior to all consoles out now. great graphics and user friendly setup. i do not have to search for what i need like on xbox and that is a plus for me.
just bought one as it was on sale and had some reward certificates. really bought it for the exclusive games. it is good so far. only thing is the fan is super loud! seems like a common problem. i guess i’m just used to the superior hardware of the xbox one x.
i have been playing pc for a while i have not had a new console in a long time the ps4 is amazing the graphics are great it is very easy to use the price was cool there is a lot of new great games coming out this year very very happy with this purchase
pick this up cause my day one ps4 is dying. setup was a breeze and transferring data between ps4 is so easy just time consuming. details are enhanced on the system. i have a 4k tv and the games that support it are stunning. played battlefield 1. modern warfare remastered. detail detail detail. it is all about the details. gameplay is silky smooth. only downside to this is the lack of 4k player. really ca not believe that sony dint add it to the final version. but oh well
i was wondering if i should go with the slim or the pro. i am glad i went with the pro. it makes hd movies look better in 4k and the processor is faster than my original 4; i never play the old one anymore. it pairs really well with a sony tv.
i upgraded from the original ps4 to this version and i like almost all the new features like 4k and higher graphic fidelity this updated console offers. the only flaw i see with it is that it likes the ability to play uhd movie discs which i ding a star off for.
if you are looking for a better experience in higher resolutions then i would buy this but if you already have a ps4 it wo not be such a big leap. extra space is nice. we will have to see how much they can squeeze out of the new machine in the future.
i only waited so long because i did not have a 4k tv. i took care of that and so far i am really enjoying it. the best thing, so far, is how long the controller lasts before needing to be charged. maybe my old ones are just worn out.
bought this with my new 4k udh tv because i needed something that could play 4k content. i already had a ps 4 so this was fast to set up but even for someone who was new i think it is pretty simple and i had it up and running soon after i unboxed it. i like the 1tb space, and it is had no issues with running, playing discs, overhearing or anything else so it is great.
for the short time i have had it, i am loving it. i ca not play games as much as i would like but for the time i have been playing on it, i have been loving it. i have been experiencing some washouts during game play, especially at the beginning of playing the game. it seems to have to do with the software, and for the specific game i have been playing (i have yet to play a different game on the console). and when i say "washouts", i mean that the game cuts out for a minute or two before i can continue playing but the console is still showing as connected, which indicates to me that it is a software (game) problem (i think). if any of you have better information than that, would love to hear from you. other than that, i am just trying to not become addicted to my ps4.
i do not really notice a difference between this one and our older ps4 to be honest but i do not play alot of different games to give a reliable review. i love playstation and they never disappoint. we started on ps1 playing tomb raider and the console just keeps getting better.
the pro has a definite visual difference coming from the regular ps4. loads times are about the same. one key feature missing is the 4k blu-ray drive. but it seems to upscale the blu-ray. hdr is good on most games that support it. a must to have over the regular ps4, only is you have to replace your system or just buying a ps4.
great system once again by sony. only reason i gave it 4 stars is because of the need to purchase a larger drive especially with the size of the games today. another reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is that these companies are still only giving you one controller with these systems. i can see if you buy the lowest model getting the very minimum but when you are paying $300-$500 for a system you should get a second controller with the system.
it is a little laggy at times, even offline and on low demanding games. love the large storage, as i download most games i purchase. i have never owned a playstation before this, so i have no apples to apples comparison. i am thinking about increasing my internet speeds from 30 mbps to correct the issue. but i have read other reviews that have solutions to lag problems, but it seems like updates have fixed a lot of that already....
the console is pretty good so far. the graphics are better than the previous playstation. it is quieter. i bought a vizio 70 inch 4k tv but did not have the right cables, so make sure that you get the right cables. the 4k experience though is not as great as i thought! they need more 4k action movies!
the graphic quality is a lot better than the ps4. also love that it is a 4k player. only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one. does not tell you that until you start trying to transfer it. other than that it is a great system.
if you have got a 4k tv, have a tons of games you want to store locally & have a faster internet connection than the pro is what you want. i personally do not see a big difference in graphics (i do not have 4k) besides being smoother and speed is not that noticeable. however i love being able to connect to my 5.0ghz wifi and have the tb hard drive & the overall design of the console is far superior than the original.
love this thing on my 4k tv, but the thing is not flawless. it does not support hdr on all 4k tv is *mine being one of them*. it looks great and i had to scour the internet for weeks to find it, but it looks great compared to the non-4k edition. i do love how sony added the migration tool on the network to move all your games and saves from the old one, to the new one.
if you are the owner of the original ps4 model and need to replace it or you have upgraded to a 4k tv, the pro is definitely worth considering.    key differences over the slim model: extra usb port, 4k streaming capability, games with pro support offer higher resolution and/or frame rates.
just received my ps4. i got it because of my how this thing can do. it is put in my living room so i could enjoy the many things it can do. play games, watch movies, surf internet, or watch netflix. i have enjoyed it. wifi is pretty important to have for this. it is needed for updates, and even watch dvds for some reason.
these consoles just keep getting better. the detail and color are fantastic, almost lifelike in some cases. i am not what you would call a serious gamer but this is a real nice toy to be played with. i do like the controller of xbox more than this one though. this controller is not bad, but i prefer the more ergonomic feel of the xbox. the performance of this console is pretty near flawless, you will like it if you buy it.
i recently upgraded to 4k uhd and my ps4 came next. not really sure if it is worth the money i paid to get a picture that is just slightly better. not living up to the hype for me. but the console it is self feels like it runs faster and smoother than the release day one i’ve had for all the previous years.
i have been an xbox fan since the beginning but there were games i wanted to play on the ps4 that have not made their way over and may not. i am overall happy with the system but wish the interface was a bit more user friendly like the xbox interface.
we got this because we were running out of room on the original ps4 we had. we never thought that when we bought it, we would be concerned about storage, surprise!  the old one was also starting to run really hot and it was concerning us that the fin may give out. (probably full of dust).  so we opted for the ps4 pro and absolutely love it. 1000gb, and it is whisper quiet. we immediately noticed how much more responsive it seems to. love it!
i have had many ps systems and this is definitely the best but i had a ps4 that worked perfectly fine before this one... while it was an upgrade i am not sure if it was enough of an upgrade to warrant my spending 400+ dollars on... if you already have a ps4 it is probably not worth purchasing
bought this as a second ps4 console to go along with my original pre-order ps4 so my gf and i can play games that have network only co-op as we ran out of couch co-op games. the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w/ hdr but for an extra $150 you can get by without it..
this is the best version of the ps4. it is fast and i have had no issues with it. the only problem i have with this model is the lack of 4k blu ray support. this is supposed to be sony is 'pro' model but it does not have everything the competition does. it does support 4k and hdr, which is great for streaming services. works great with the ps vr too.
i had an original ps4 that i passed on to my younger sibling when i decided to buy this. i thought it would be a minor upgrade but it ended up being a much bigger difference in my opinions. games, especially horizon zero dawn, look and run so much better on this than the original, where they already ran great.
while the ps4 pro is good, the pre-existing ps4 owners should know that there is not really a need to upgrade to the pro.. i have have not seen enough improvement over to 2 systems .. to justifying a needed upgrade...unless of course ur in a position like myself. we are as the original ps4 died and needed to be replaced..
i had not purchased a console in many years and was a little hesitant initially but i am glad i decided to buy the ps4 pro. so many games, plenty of apps within the playstation network like youtube, netflix, hbo ect. my entire family enjoys the system for a multitude of reasons and that is exactly what i wanted.
it was rather difficult to make the jump to a pro seeing how a it would not be beneficial without a 4k tv but the supersampling mode on the ps4 pro really does 1080p tv is justice giving games (with the patches) to play games in 60 fps and in true 1080p.
this is the best console as of writing this review. i have a 4k tv so i had to get this. playing 4k games spoils you because i played a game not optimized and it looks blurry. some games are native 4k like fifa 17, and some use a rendering technique to appear 4k and it works, such as infinite warfare and battlefield 1. i would take off half star because should have 4k blu ray player, but i can kind of see them not trying overhaul the ps4 too much. but very satisfied.
i purchased this for my daughter and also an additional hand control module, the purpose was for her cousins to play the same game as another charactor so they could compete. what a waste of money for the controler - the games do not allow more than one person playing at a time; disappointed the sales clerk did not mention that could have saved me $70.
we purchased the ps4 playstation because our 6 year old grandson comes to visit and he loves to play video games. my son has a ps4 at their house so my grandson is familiar with how to use it and he really enjoys it. i hope to become more proficient at gaming so i can play with him on the ps4.
i was able to trade some of my old stuff in to get this for about half the cost, so i was able to avoid any real buyers remorse. if most games attempt to have a high framerate setting for 1080 as well as 4k, then this system is well worth it. hopefully developers follow the example of the new tomb raider because then it is absolutely worth the upgrade.
very solid console, though i am a bit disappointed with the lack of ps4 pro support for a lot of games. the games that are supported do look fantastic and run great. probably still worth it if you have a 4k tv and do not already have a ps4, but otherwise you might be better off with the cheaper ps4 slim.
my title kind of summarizes my feelings. battlefield 1 looks amazing. 4k netflix looks good. upscaling on some of my other games is nice. but $460 after tax... if you had no other options sure, but the xbox slim does 4k and if you are just playing battlefield 1 or some of the other cross platform games... the xbox slim is $300... black friday $250
upgraded from a ps4 to this. was torn between a this the xbox but since we are a playstation family, we went with this.the 4k streaming is amazing if your internet connection is fast enough and the graphics are crisp nd smooth. if you have a 4k tv, it is worth the upgrade. the only drawback is that it has no 4k dvd player
i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities. i read online that the ps4 pro has a slight performance bump when playing virtual reality games. additionally i enjoy the one terabyte capacity but most importantly the ps4 pro has three usb ports as opposed to just two in the normal version this greatly increases its range of use.
i have had an xbox 360 since 2005 and finally pulled the trigger on a new console. i got this because it was marked down for black friday, but also after extensive research and video reviews comparing this and the xbox 1x the difference in image quality was not noticeable to me. as well being $150 cheaper helped to push me over the edge.
my young son just got a brand new ps4 pro from santa these past holidays, he is really enjoying this new gaming console! the graphics processor and connectivity it is great, i had the chance to prove it and compare with our classic ps4 console! my son says "the ps4 pro" is the best thing sony did with the ps4 system ever! my son and i fully recommend this brand new gaming console for you if you like extreme graphics resolution and gaming experience!
coming from an early ps3 that was a beautiful machine to a ps4 pro can be a bit alarming at first but who buys these things because of how they look? the system works great and runs far quieter than the old ps3. my only complaint is the buttons (power, eject) on the front are hard to find in low light.
so far i have not noticed much difference from the standard ps4 and i am not sure if it is worth it to pay extra for the pro. i have tested on one game only and it is only marginally better than my old ps3. i purchased a ps4 simply because it has games that i want and they are not available on ps3. that said, the interface has improved over ps3. i do not have vr and the pro version is supposedly better for vr but i cannot verify that. i would recommend buying a standard ps4 over the pro if money is a factor. if you have already purchased a standard ps4 do not be bothered with the pro unless you want to go vr. wait for ps5 instead.
but it is super nice not having to be console specific adding games to my life.  i like that there is plenty of storage in console. the games are beautiful. looks like the ps4 on normal tv is. but i am excited to hook this up to a 4k tv eventually.  i would suggest spending the extra money for this over a ps4
the playstation 4 is the first game console i have owned and i am mostly very pleased. it installed smoothly and easily and the games i have work great. the menu system is confusing, however, and the settings are sometimes cryptic. that said, it is still a lot of fun and worth 4 stars.
the ui is definitely snappier and looks sharper than the original ps4. the checkerboard 4k with hdr is pretty impressive when comparing to ps4 or xbox one. also the performance with vr is awesome. however, if you already own a ps4 its not worth the upgrade even for the 4k or vr performance.
i was happy with my ps3, but wanted to try playstation vr, so i waited for this pro version to come out.    i would heard a little that the tv services stuff did not work as well as the ps3, but that was not true for me. i actually like the ps4 better.    i play a game or two, use the vr and watch some channels that i subscribe to. for these things, the ps4 is great. it is quite noticeably faster and the menu formats are pleasing.    i am very happy with this product.
i previously had a ps4 (launch date) and upgraded to a 4k tv, decided to go with the ps4 pro as well (sold the original) and i have to say the games that support 4k just blow you away, and the games that do not upscale great, i would definitely recommend this over the original if you ever plan to get a 4k tv, the difference is extremely noticable (my original ps4 would have pixelation issues, the pro does not)
after having a ps3 for a couple years and it beginning to die out on me, i am so happy that the decision was made to upgrade! i am overall very happy with the performance of the ps4! it has wonderful apps, is so much faster compared to the ps3 and is everything i have wanted in a playstation console! i am excited to continue to use and love it!
purchased this for our son. easy setup, got online with wifi. the console looks good. the only issue i have is the play station store, unable to add funds to the account. after reading several blogs i purchased digital amazon cards which allowed for downloads from the play station store.
it is a beefed up ps4, which is currently and arguably the best game console on the market right now. however, if you are still rocking a 1080p tv, i really do not feel like the upgrade is really worth it. if you do have a 4k tv, definitely jump on this one.
i have only used it for netflix and a little gaming but it has performed great. set up was easy and relatively quick. i got the pro version for its 4k abilities. so far i would recommend it. it costs more nut worth it with the expanded storage and 4k compatibility
upgraded from the ps4, the new is much faster and the 1tb is great for game storage and dvr clips, the unit is quiet even though of the increase in speed via the cpu & gpu. i would have like the unit to have 4k disc playback. hopefully the is a firmware in the future that will solve the issue
the graphics with the pro are much improved over the older ps4. still waiting for updates to fix some bugs, especially with some of the sound aspects. also not sure why the blue ray player is not a 4k. $100 more than a xbox one s and it has one. do not understand the logic behind it.
the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version. you do not have more functions but the enhanced graphics and hard drive space is a plus for serious gamers. casual gamers can do fine with the base model and bypass on the ps 4 pro.
it does what my last ps4 did just a little better, and still i have ran into little 'glitches' i guess? idk errors are still apparent, but very minimal effect ones overall gaming.     wish i would have just got a xbox one with the money i spent (just under $300 with trade in ps4
great if you have a 4k hdr tv but beware that psvr actually do not pass thru 4k hdr if you are also planning to get a psvr.    also, running it at 4k 4:4:4 hdr is tricky. i cannot pass it through my av receiver which is supposed to pass-thru 4k 4:4:4 signals.
ps4 pro is great easy set up hdr gaming makes a difference i would had given it 5 stars but no 4k drive like xbox one s other than that a swine product. if your looking to try out or making an upgrade to 4k gaming i highly recommend ps4 pro. powerful and smooth
my son came up to me one day and gave me puppy dog eyes and said "gagi" (that is what he is called me since he was born) "i want a player player 4 will you get one so we can play together pweassssse" so i surprised him with it :)
we bought this console mostly for games but it also doubles as our bluray player. we watched blurays on it for the first time last weekend and it is really good for that- so much so that i got rid of my other bluray player since i do not need 2 of the same device.
i had owned the original ps4, but gave it away to a roomate. i was doing some research on the pros and cons of the slim ps4 versus the ps4 pro and decided that the pro version was gonna be worth the money.  gladly, i was right. the system runs flawlessly and without any hangups. my next step is to pop a 1tb ssd in the system and up my load times.
i got this as a gift for someone, looks great on 4k tv.    i read after i bought it that the ps4 pro does not play ultra high def blu ray is... maybe it does i would have to read again, the guy told me it did, but i read otherwise. i wanted it either way, but i would be very disappointed to find out it did not if that is what i was looking for    1 tb hdd is nice to have so you do not have to delete digital content all the time. =d
i get it. some people do not like this ps model because it ca not play 4k. so. what. the advantages of having a dedicated 4k movie player is leaps and bounds over simply playing it in a video game console. having a much better picture than a console should be your first clue.     do not make the mistake and cheapen out ; you have just spent 400$ (maybe more) on a 2 year old released system. it is a decent system but not exactly new. sure , there is going to be a ps5, but any release date is speculation. you should have a 4k tv , proper hdmi connections, and a solid sound system.    do not hold out. if you are going to buy a ps4 pro because of the 4k and 5ghz internet connections , buy solid kit. one faulty cable or lack thereof is a difference between "meh" and "woot".
while there is nothing wrong per se with this the ps4-pro, it should have been better. there are only a handful of games where you will see a marked difference between the ps4 and ps4-pro. so, before you buy/upgrade, make sure you are playing one of those games, otherwise, do not spend the extra money. my biggest problem with the ps4-pro is not being able to play 4k blu-rays. sorry, but if i am gonna shell out new console prices for a mid-generation console upgrade, it better be fully featured. not including 4k blu-ray playback capability was a major faux pas.
ps4 pro is an excellent upgrade over the original ps4. if you have a 4k tv then this will be the perfect gaming system for you at this present time. if you do not own a 4k tv then a xbox one or ps4 maybe a better purchase for $249.
the pro is a little faster and does not make a big difference when gaming. the difference in graphics is minimal, and the one that i had would get much hotter and the fan much louder than my old ps4 from the initial launch when playing me:andromeda and horizon zero dawn. my first died on day 46 of owning it. they took care of the late return when i went back to the store and they shipped a replacement to me because they were sold out.    tl;dr : minor graphics boost, mine died in <2 months. if you have a ps4, do not upgrade unless you are getting psvr.
it is always a little exhilarating when getting a new electronic product. playstation pro was easy to open and put together. it was very intuitive. i do wish they had more bundle pack options for the pro series. the product works wonderfully to date, no issues, but i always get the 2 year accidental protection as a just in case. bestbuy is warranty is one of the best around in my preference.
the ps4 pro is a great system to have if you are looking for a large library of games, want to take full advantage of psvr, and want to maximize your games on a 4k tv. the latest model is much quieter than launch model pro systems (i had one).
this ps4 pro is exactly what my son wanted and more. super easy to use, and he likes it so much more than his xbox which is why he wanted to switch. it was a surprise for his bday, the online pick up in store option made the whole transaction that much easier. highly recommend.
this console is excellent. i already had a ps4 slim and loved it. the ps4 pro adds 4k streaming functionality so i bought it for the living room big screen. there are more providers of 4k streams coming out all the time and i wanted a good 4k streamer as well as a game console for the living room - this unit does both flawlessly. an added plus - by having the slim and the pro in the house my wife and i added the ps vrs to the consoles and now play multiplayer games (vr games too) against each other on our home network. the pro is more expensive than the slim, but easily worth the price is you are looking for a unit that plays blu-ray disks, games, and streams 4k content over the internet.
bought this today. the set up took some time and effort since all the typing i was doing using the game controller. not sure if there is a mobile app which can be used for keying in the stuff.  ui is good, and right now i am exploring some of the free games from playstation store. soon i will be buying paid games too. will give the review after few days.
love the system. however, if you have done any research you know that if you do not have a way to play in 4k, this really is not worth upgrading your old ps4. but if you do not have a ps4 yet or you do have a 4k device to play your games on, i would definitely recommend buying this system.
this playstation is the real deal. i played and had every playstation since and this is definitely by far the top of the systems. you can do all kinds of things from website searching to playing games to listen to music to whatever. hands-down one of the best systems i have ever played.
it is not bad as a dvd player, gaming system, or for streaming 4k if you can find 4k to stream. i does not have a 4k dvd player also when you run it through a receiver you have to unplug the hdmi cable and plug it back in in order for the playstation to continue to out put hdmi signal when you switch between applications on the ps4 or the receiver. very annoying. sony said they ca not help with signals running through receivers and i should just connect it to the tv only. lame excuse.
i have set up my ps4 pro and it is working just as expected. it seems to be a better client on my 802.11ac network than the standard ps4. i have it connected to my router which is near by and the connection speed is 35 mbps, when hooked by ethernet, it is 139 mbps. the previous ps4 never got over about 18 mbps on wifi or 35 via ethernet.    it was easy to back up the old ps4 and restore to this new ps4 pro. everything was exactly the same after the restore. now i can play games on either console without problem. sony did a great job with making them work with the same files. though the transfer protocol sony set up to do it via an ethernet patch cord did not work. so i used the alternative, a usb drive with the back up and restore process.
i am sure this would have been great playing in 4k, but it would not work. i would get kicked and the system would essentially shut down in the middle of almost every game. i had to return it and swap it out for a regular ps4 and have been happy ever since. the picture is still fantastic and would have only been worth getting the pro if it was a 4k dvd player as well.
the ps4 pro is a good upgrade from the regular ps4 but sony did make a mistake not puting a ultra hd blu-ray player in it like the xbox one s the reason i went with the pro and not the one s is because of the playstation only titles.and i have been happy with the way it performs it would have been a bonus if it had the ultra hd blu-ray player in the pro i think the reason why the one s is seals is doing pretty good is because of that ultra hd blu-ray
i bought it on january 22nd 2019. today is july 25th 2019. ps4 is already gone. i have probably around 70 hours of gameplay only since i barely play. i always turn it off properly and this thing is gone. blinking blue light and nothing to display. i have tryalread pressing the power button for about 7 seconds till 2nd beep amd it wont go to safe mode to reset it.
i did not have a chance to compare it apples to apples to the regular ps4 but this one is great. i had to get it since i have a 4k hdr high-end tv set-- would not want to make that go to waste. i love the earphones on the controller, i can play while my 4-year old is asleep-- but i think you have it on the regular ps4 too. i do hear the fan every so often, but that is because i have been playing horizon zero dawn which could be graphics intensive. oh, the connection to the harmony hub seems to drop-- that is one horrible thing. other than those, everything seems to be great.
i picked this up on its release date and been loving it since. i owned the original ps4 when that first launched and it ran flawless up to the day i traded it in to upgrade the pro. the main reason i wanted the upgrade was to get rid of the annoying fan on my oh ps4 that would force me to turn my tv up higher just to hear what i was seeing everything else the pro would do on top of having a quieter fan was a plus i.e. added frame rate, a visual boost on 4k as well 1080p displays on certain games and the reduction of load times. it is now a week later and i am very satisfied with my upgrade.
this ps4pro is useless upgrade. it is a 1080p gaming machine that up converts native 1080 to 4k vs using a ps4 slim then allowing your tv to up convert to 4k. you are achieving the same goal here. the ps4s have locked frame rates and same graphics. both have hdr feature with a hdr compatible tv. i do not get it. the slim uses less power and does the same job for $100 less with a free $59 game.
i had to return and am waiting for best buy to send another because it would freeze when playing hdr capable games. will update review if no more issue is with new system. when working it is great, but with freeze issue gave a 3 review, which if also in replacement will lower review, but if no issue i will review it with a higher grade
i upgraded my ps4 to the ps4 pro to be compatible with my samsung 4k hdr tv. many people, including myself are experiencing flickering. my video and sound go out for a few seconds from time to time. things to note: new hdmi cables were used and my xbox one s does not have this problem. tv and ps4 pro were updated to the latest code.
when my playstation 3 died recently, i knew i had only one real choice to replace it, the ps4 pro! it is the best gaming system for those that want versatility and ease of use. of course i had to go to best buy to purchase it as their service and prices ca not be beat. game on :)
buttery smoove interface, havent seen a hiccup yet. it takes everything i throw at it.   i havent had a console since the ps2 so this is wonderful!   anyway, if you have a ps4 already, it may not be a huge upgrade to you...unless you have a 4k tv and want to really get some gorgeous graphics (which is why i chose this one as well) i am loving it!
sony should have just waited to come out with the pro when it could handle full 4k. oddly cannot even play 4k discs. feel if you get this system at the right price you will be happy. $400 or more is a little high. seen some sales for $300. if you can save the $100 and love playstation you will enjoy the system. if you already have an original ps4. might as well wait until a true 4k playstation is released. remember 4k hdr tv need to get full effects. hdr tv is are more expensive than normal 4k tv is. hope you all enjoy if you choose to get one
this console is one of the best on the market today. ps has been around for a long time and it is finally come up with a great consolel that does hdr. you do have to configure your tv for hdr in order to get it to work. i highly recommend this game console if you are looking for a top-of-the-line platform. five stars out of five stars for me.
before i spent the $399 for this ps4 pro at best buy, i read plenty of comments and reviewed sites such as cnet. i had a purchased an lg uhd television from best buy before getting the ps4 pro and i am amazed at the details in the graphics. i had previously owned the latest ps3 but did not buy the original ps4 because i was waiting to see where sony was upgrading to next. i am very pleased with this system and would recommend it. i am glad i waited for this version.
i had one of the ps4 is that came out and had issues with it after awhile such as overheating and the discs randomly ejecting. i traded it in for credit to buy this one plus i got a gift card from a new phone through best buy so ended up not spending too much, so far it does seem like its a upgrade somewhat but not mind blowing difference. extra storage is nice. i have to really wait and see when i get a 4k tv and more games start supporting more enhancements so far a happy buyer,.
it does a decent job but it is no better than the regular ps4. online play lags. video is marginally better. bought it only because i wanted to marry the 4k ps4 pro to my 4k tv. not real happy with the purchase as i do not see any improvement over the ps4 i currently have. oh well....you win some, you lose some.
this ps4 is only really for gamers who seriously, seriously care too much about graphics and resolution. the changes from a standard ps4 is minimal but still notable. only buy this if you have a good 4k tv and already have a 4k bluray. if not buy and xbox one s, way cheaper and has 4k bluray player.
i first bought one when the one come out then model 1200 and now the pro that i bought from bestbuy. i have seen improvements with everyone. when it comes to power usage and now with the pro in graphics performance. the performance with the pro can be seen with the naked eye. but if you do not have 400 laying around i would hold off if you already own a ps4.on else you own a 4k tv then it might be worth saving for the upgrade.
sony release a 4k capable console without 4k uhd blu-ray support. why?? if you want a gaming machine that supports naitive 4k for games, streaming, and disks just wait for the scorpio or get an xbox one s which supports uhd disk right now. do not waste your money!   ps pro only upscaling 4k
got the system to go along with my 4k tv. where applicable the graphics are great. but being a die hard sony fan came to a bitter bump in the road when i spent almost $500 on a system that couldnt play any of my 4k movies. sony really dropped the ball on this one.
yes, it does not play 4k disks. it does not make sense, sony invented blue ray and the first to offer 1080p disk player and they failed miserably with latest version the ps4. i took it back got the xbox, it has a 4k player and it has better game servers.
i got this in november when it 1st came out along with a hisense 50" 4k tv with hdr. all positves considering it has a 1tb hdd and about 1.5 times gpu power. though would have been nicer if the hdd was ssd instead. and i do not care about not being able to play blue ray discs since i download all my games and movies.
i recently purchased the ps4 pro after not having a playstation in years. hd quality is better than any device i have currently that have hd or uhd capabilities. i do not mind about the missing blu-ray player bc its cheaper to download it than buy a disc much less you might only watch the #30 movie once....
other than it not working on my sony bravia television but works on my vizio 4k and lg ultrawide, it is not a bad product. read forums and even talked to sony playstation and sony television support and neither of them knows what is going on. now i am just waiting to talk to an engineer (which will take anywhere from 24 to 48 hours) to see if they can resolve the issue... depending on what the issue is and if they can resolve it, i am not sure if i would purchase another sony product after this mess. next time i think i will wait for the new microsoft console to come out....
i bought it thinking it must be better than the regular ps4 but it is not. it is true that it can occasionally render better picture quality but at a cost of speed. it tends to have problems with games like freezing and so on. i have had a better experience playing on my regular ps4 with no issues.
this does not seem to come with a 4k bluray player, but that is not a "deal breaker" for me. i normally do not use my game console to play blurays, i do not want to wear down the drive faster than it should, and all though sony makes great consoles, its like anything else, the more you use it, the more it wears down. i am looking forward to the 4k and hoping that this is compatible with more 4k sets than the xbone s. the 4k did not work with my samsung 4k monitor. the price is amazing too. do yourself a favor, if you can afford this, pick it up. sony systems will last you forever!
the image quality on this playstation is amazing. i would definitely recommend this to others. the system is fairly quickly when running video games and other applications. i plan to purchase this as a gift for a friend in the near future. i highly recommend this ps4 pro to others.
well lets face facts, it is just not as good as the xbox. went and got one as the kids wanted to give it a shot because of a few p.s. exclusives. and it is just not as good. i am happy to pay the 50 bucks a year for a much better online experience. only thing i will say is a plus for the p.s. is the exclusive games they have but they are not that much better. so in summary the games that both platforms run i will stick with xbox especially for online gaming. for just a game that does not require online access p.s. is fine. and this is from a family that has both consoles from the first xbox and p.s. all the way up until now. yes we have had every console. way to many p.s. fanboys who ca not accept the xbox is just a better platform for online gaming.
the system definitely is an improvement graphically over the standard ps4. i bought a samsung 4k in preparation of this system and i do notice a difference. however, at this point, it is not a drastic difference. if you have a 4k and dont have a ps4, definitely get this. if you dont have a 4k, wait until you do to get the pro.
i upgraded from my ps4 for the 4k feature, if you were thinking of doing the same thing do not bother. i knew that the ps4 pro did not have a 4k dvd but assumed sony was making up for that with streaming. in short, they’re not! a search of the ps store revealed not one 4k movie available for rent or purchase. the amazon prime app is 1080p only. i’m not a netflix customer but have read that they have one or two 4k shows available. the only thing i could find on it in 4k is youtube. in short if you own a ps4 or xbox the ps4 pro is not worth the upgrade.
i upgraded from a ps4 to the pro for the 4k it is supposed to have. this is the big scam, the pro does not have any 4k content. there is not any 4k content in the ps store, the amazon prime app is not 4k, and the dvd drive is not capable of playing a 4k disc (knew this part before buying). sony says the drive is not 4k because the content would be delivered online, however they provide no online content.
i was pumped to finally get my ps4 and unleash the power of my 4k 60" sony bravia tv. i hooked up the ps4 pro only to find out that you cannot get youtube tv on it, which made my purchase 50% worthless. then, i found out that the vudu app wo not play 4k. i am taking this back today and switching over to an xbox one x so that i can actually use the apps i need.
alot of people are on edge about the 4k blu ray drive.... not that big of a deal. this system is 2 times stronger than the original ps4, and makes a great deal if you do not have one. now... if you do have one, and you are looking for the most powerful system i would recommend hanging tight for project scorpio. it will go down as most powerful system, and give you 4k drive.
why would sony release a 4k capable console without 4k uhd blu-ray support. they are on the board for the blu-ray association so it is unfathamble that they do not support a format that they helped create. if you want a gaming machine that supports naitive 4k for games, streaming, and disks just wait for the scorpio, or get an xbox one s which supports uhd disk right now.
4k bd may not be the future, but it will be our present for a long time, while streaming bitrates are so poor. you just ca not compare until everybody has gigabit internet at home.    the cheapest version of the new xone has the 4k bd drive and this new best version of the ps4 ( so far) has not. why not? it is pricey!
so i bought mine yesterday and it crashed while playing call of duty. yes it looks great but frame rates dip too much and are not consistent.  a lot of websites are warning consumers that games such as skyrim are having frame rates dip into the lower 20s. the console is loud and gets hot rather quickly. be sure to place in a well ventilated area. if you own a ps4 i can not recommend this console. if you do not have a 4k tv i would advise against buying this since most games will still run at 30fps.  i would recommend buying the regular ps4 over this at least until sony can fix all of its bugs and over heating problem.
i have been holding out for this console for the longest time in hope that it would feature a uhd blu-ray drive like its competitor, the xbox one s. i cannot fathom why sony, who is a leader in 4k technology would leave something so important out. not only will we miss out on the uhd blu-rays, but imagine what triple layer 100gb discs could handle for the ps4 pro! such a missed opportunity for sony. people are buying up uhd blu-rays right and left, and people who want to game and watch 4k movies on the same device, will only have one option. the xbox one s.
sony is whole confrence was about 4k gaming, 4k netflix streaming and 4k streaming from their app. and what a surprise? no 4k to play 4k discs!    and games still struggle to get a solid 30fps and 60fps. if it is double the power let me have 60 to 90fps on my games. at least a solid 60fps on all games.
recently i bought a 4k tv and i wanted to start gaming in 4k. i already owned the original ps4, and when i bought the pro it is practically identical from the original (os and menus). so it is like i never left!   it took a long time (around 16 hours to transfer my original ps4 is data to the new one, but the 4k optimized games look amazing, and everything runs better too!
i was so happy when i purchased this ps4 pro it functions very smoothly i do not regret paying a lot for this item it performs very well with no negative reprucutions to complain about also gta 5 works 100 times better than the xbox one gameplay everything loads faster you do not get kicked out lobbies constantly highly recommended system
i purchased the ps4 pro happiest choice i have made in a long time. i still need to get virtual reality set, but i am sure that will be just as good! back to being a playstation girl again my fiancé turned me to xbox when we first started dating 14 years ago, but after having a xbox one for a while then getting a ps4 pro, graphics wise blows xbox out of the park!
originally, after spending so much on a new tv, i was going to wait it out, but when i was using the regular ps4 into my new 4k tv, it did not upscale that well. not sure why cause my appletv looks fine. but, i decided to buy the pro anyway and no regrets whatsoever. i figured i was gonna buy one anyway. so, if you have a 4k tv and are into gaming and are fussy with how the graphics look, buy the pro.
i was very unsure when it came to gaming. me i was always a pc gamer but i wanted to try out console. i knew about some details between the xbox one and the playstation 4. an associate by the name of daniel was able to help me clarify a lot of questions i have had between the 2 products. i was amazed of the knowledge he had over them.
really like the improved power of the ps4 pro. it is a nice step up from the original. it is a very nice graphical upgrade from the original. there are a couple of little things that i wish were addressed. most of all, i wish it had a 4k blu ray player. easy to recommend though.
i got the ps4 pro one year ago and it has worked well but not worth the money versus the normal version. anytime you try to use 4k gaming the fan sounds like a jet engine taking off. i have this issue even with regular gaming. it has also crashed a handful of times when under heavy load. wish i had just waited for the normal version to go on sale for 200 instead of dishing 400 for this.
i’ve been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now. black friday came around and i decided to just go for it. i am no disappointed at all with my decision. the first time i logged into netflix it told me the movies available in ultrahd and i have not looked back since.
console runs quiet compare to past models, controller feels cheaply made when comparing it to competitors, selling point of the ps4 pro was the exclusives which i found bland. i was highly disappointed to find it  does not play games in true 4k and does not have a true 4k blu-ray player.
i got this guy just for the added power that "they said" would be needed going forward for vr. i do not have a 4k-hdr television and vr is very limited right now so it is pretty much just a more expensive ps4 for me. do not buy it if you do not need it for any of the stuff above. i will give it a 5 star because the ps4 is awesome but it is been a bit of a needless expense so far.
i had the first run playstation 4 and loved it. its a sleek device and really has great graphical performance. i upgraded to the playstation pro because i gave my other console away to a friend and i did notice a performance increase, especially while using playstation vr. a great console, digital store, video player and entertainment device all in one.
i have been playing video games since 1970 (owned the very first pong game sold by sears back then) and the graphic horsepower of these consoles today is just jaw dropping.  i love how you can put the console in a "rest" mode and come back to your game right where you left off. the fact that you can do so much more than gaming is just icing on the cake.  great job, sony !
i have been wanting once since christmas, and i finally bought one. i have nothing bad to say about it i will always buy ps4, as xbox is not allowed in my house. i own 2 regular ps4 and love them and i finally upgraded the one in the bedroom to ps4 pro, now i want another one for the living room. hopefully black friday will have an amazing deal on one.
got the console for ps exclusive games since i have a powerful pc. it turns out the games are optimized in the console and i feel no longer relying on the pc. another advantage is that you could resell the physical copy for better value than pc games, which are mostly digital and bond to your account and not sharable.
amazing, absolutely amazing! such an improvement over ps3. we went almost 8 years on the last platform and found it to do a great job. but this transition is like going from a flip phone to a iphone. everything stands out and the quality is awesome. looking forward to the next 8 years.
got this system on black friday. upgraded from a ps4 slim i got last year. what it has that the slim did not: 3x usb 3.1, 1x gigabit ethernet, 1x ps camera, optical audio output, hdmi 2.0.  you want to get ultimate gaming experience in 4k? then the pro is the way to go.
i was looking for something to stream 4k netflix and hulu so i bought this and it works great i not really a gamer but i might even buy a game or two to play on this it works so great and i love you do not have to pay for a subscription to use netflix like xbox
recently upgraded from the ps4 i bought when they 1st came out. really did not want to get rid of it but the 4k visuals were needed for the 4k tv!! only downfall is not having the 4k dvd player in the system. love how fast the system is & plus the extra space!!
i had the original ps4 and it worked perfectly, there were not too many changes that were visible until you used certain games. for example with black ops 3. when online, if i would stand still and move around, you could see frame tearing, which is not noticable during play. with the pro, i could not see it at all. it also runs alot quieter than the original ps4
the ps4 pro lives up to sony is high standards, but does not necessarily live up to the hype. if you are a hardcore playstation fan or someone who loves having the latest and greatest then you ca not go wrong with a pro, but for everyone else it is probably not worth the upgrade.
i already had the original ps4 and it was running perfectly fine but i have a 4k tv and have been really wanting products that can use that technology and there have been really good reviews on the pro. it is also really nice having more hard drive space as well considering 500 gb just isnt enough when they take up a considerable amount for the system hardware and stuff
my 12 year old son saved up his money to buy this gaming system. i thought it was a lot of money, but if that is what he wanted... he also has the xbox one, but says some games on the ps4 have better graphics. he seems to be really happy with his purchase.
i bought this hoping for optimized frame rates on psvr and for 4k hdr support to my new tv, only to discover later that the psvr does not support pass-through of the hdr signals. in fact, i encountered problems (screen periodically blanking out) with any combination of connections between the ps4 pro and psvr. the only way it works consistently is when the ps4 pro is connected directly to the tv. so i have to use my old ps4 for vr and not really getting the benefits i thought i was paying for.    also disappointed with the lack of uhd 4k blu-ray player but in all fairness i knew that going in and decided to buy anyway. still, xbox one s has 4k player and costs a lot less.
i have gone through a number of sony and and nintendo console through the years and the ps4 is easily my favorite for one simple reason. in just two years from purchasing this console, there has been more than twice as many games, largely comprised of exclusive titles, in my library for this console than any other i have owned. games like god of war, spider-man, horizon: zero dawn, nier: automata, gravity rush, uncharted 4, shadow of the colossus, and many more has given me more game time and use out of this console than any other i have owned. ps4 might go down as one of the most prolific consoles in terms of quality exclusive content in generations.
what is not to love! what can i say, through the years we’ve pretty much have had every console there is and the one that seems to get the most game play is our ever so loved playstation, so much so that we have had to purchase 3, one for the main living room, and 1 for each of the kids room, as crazy as it sounds but since this crazy game of fort night is a one player game the only way to keep the peace around here is if everyone got their own consoles to play on, so come birthdays or christmas the playstation was the gift of request!
over the years sony and their first party studios have given me memories that i will never forget. the last of us, god of war and spider-man are 3 of my favorite games of all time. sony exclusive games are second to none and the reason most people probably get the console to begin with. as far as the console itself, i was not a fan of the design at first but it is grown on me. it is powerful and although not as powerful as the xbox one x, it is defintely no slouch. just watch some gameplay videos of god of war or any other exclusive. in my opinion, there are no glaring issues with the console. it really all comes down to preference. i love sony and i love the playstation 4 pro!
if you have a 4k tv, this is by far the better choice than the regular slim. you definitely will notice the difference. if you do not have a 4k tv and want your very first ps4 console, this is still the better choice. have your first experience be the best it can be!
overall it is sony playstation. i’ve been using sony since the ps1 and never have any complaints. the 1 tb pro version however is almost not necessary unless you’re really into video quality that spends thousand of dollars on your tv. for the avid gamer that has your normal tv save the money and get the normal version .
this product was amazing.this product was definitely amazing i really enjoy the high definition qualities that are provided on my high def smart television i am definitely looking forward to seeing what the next playstation do bus comes at work i would double as a just this device for any friend of hailey member it is amazing it is definitely amazing.
tried out cod: ww2 with my new ps pro and it looks amazing. got a 4k monitor to go with it and man there is a difference in graphics from the original ps4. definitely worth the buy if you have a 4k tv or monitor. too bad it is not a 4k blu ray player.
i bought this ultimate gaming console and never regret about it. it is not expensive, however in order to enjoy fully, you need to buy some accessories such as vr headset, ps camera and controllers. also this console wo not show you for 100% what it actually can do. so you have to have 4k monitor or tv.
it is cute and bulky. i have only had the opportunity to play one game on it so far "injustice 2." i am really digging the graphics. typically a pc gamer but them exclusives gots me wild. i would recommend this to a friend but not a rodent. five out of five.
i have never owned a playstation console before. i was looking at getting one for a few of the exclusives. so far i love it! the visuals for most games look great, everything runs smoothly, and double the hard drive space of the original is awesome (i download most games). if you do not already have a ps4, i would recommend buying a pro.
there are two problems i have with the ps4 pro. first it gets very hot went playing games compare to my xbox one. second the wifi download speed is super slow compare to the xbox one. i have very fast internet and it took over 4 hours to download 2 gb on the ps4 pro. that same file on the xbox would have been a hour or less    the game sections is great compare the xbox one, but it is not true 4k. which is not a big deal if you do not have a 4k television.
i currently have a ps4 standard at my parents and decided to try out the new ps4 pro and it was fine. nothing too wrong with it but i could not see the justification for upgrading when i already have a ps4. if you do not have a high end pc (i kind of do) or you do not have a standard ps4 then i would recommend getting this. you can also put in a new ssd for faster load times but i am pretty sure this voids the warranty if you do. always do your research before hand. i would recommend this over an xbox one because for the life of me i cannot figure out how to navigate the ui on an xbox one. also this is recommended if you were thinking about getting ps vr
bought this with the sony 4k tv bundle. good deal and good timing since my original ps4 is hard drive is almost full. i am not the deleting type. this system will make use of my tv is abilities also, which is good. so far, only played watch dogs 2 on it and it is running great. ca not wait for future releases that can take advantage of the little extra power.
i have not had a system since the original ps3. i love how this plays and it looks amazing on my 4k tv. the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm, it is bigger and kind of slips around a little. otherwise very happy
i purchased this on black friday because it was 50.00 cheaper. while it is really just a regular ps4 it does have the bigger hard drive and the 4k ability but there still is not enough good games out for it yet. good unit but a little pricey just for 4k add on. the price and is why i gave it only 4 stars.
i have never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase, but i have been so happy that i now have one. i think the new hardware design is nice and i really appreciate the one terabyte of onboard storage. i am hoping to have this system bring me many years of gaming enjoyment.
it is a great system but if you ca not take advantage of its upgrades or just a casual gamer then a slim/standard model would be the way to go. as for me i think it is great but there is not much 4k content besides a few games that take advantage. sure there will be soon though.
this console has lived up to the hype! i was a casual player in the early 2000 on the ps3, due to job, but now i am on the ps4 system every day marveling at the graphics and game play. the 4k is noticeable on my old vizio 50" led look great.
while this is a great console, the difference is small in the grand scheme.     if you are in the market for a ps4 get the pro unless you are on a budget. it improves frame rate and visuals for most games. if you have a 4k tv it is even prettier with hdr.     cant go wrong here
i was always a xbox guy but after buying the ps4 i became a huge fan, the transition interface from xbox to the playstation network was very easy. set up was even easier and the fact that you can charge your controller with the usb cord provided makes it even better since you do not need to buy a charging station or batteries.
if you never owned a playstation, the ps4 pro is the one to have. i had an x box and there good to, but sony is the only one that keeps games on the shelves at store. when the ps4 first came out there were ps2 games still at stores. now there still ps3 games. so even if sony made a ps5, your good.
the ps4 pro isnt so much for the casual gamer, but if you tend to play several hours a week, and want everything to look a little more refined and clear then this is worth the extra $100. ive had my mine for a year and do not regret my purchase!
i originally had a ps2 and 3 and i decided to try the xbox one. i am just not a fan of xbox and their controller the interface is sloppy and just nothing there that keeps me coming back. ps4 is faster better looking for ui and has a lot more games that are exclusive that i rather play. imo the controller is much better to use.
i bought this because i needed something that could deliver 4k video to my tv. this truly does it all, it is a dvd player, bluray player, streaming device, and gaming console all in one. it is nice to be down to just a ps4 and a receiver after years of having multiple devices.
there is no doubt that sony created a wonderful machine. load times are faster, more apps stay open in background, most games updated for hdr and 4k compatibility, larger hd, and more. i love the option to choose whether to have better resolution, fps, etc. once you play on 4k hdr television, you wo not ever go back. great job sony!
after researching the reviews and specifications before the purchase i was prepared that this system would not play 4k movies, it only upscales it (which for an untrained eye is the same). i do enjoy the fact that the system does not get as hot and includes more storage than the previous model. overall this is the best ps4 model to date
i bought the pro so that i could give my ps4 to my grandson. my 55" tv is only hd not 4k. there is no noticeable difference using an hd tv between the ps4 and the ps4 pro. do not feel sorry for me. in the near future, i will be getting a top of the line 4k tv. then i will be so happy that i bought the pro.
as an owner of both the xbox one as well, i have to say this is my go to go system. i do not know how to explain it, it just "feels" good. and i wish the gui was slightly better, however, it is so much better than the xbox ones. that one is so complicated, it is frustrating.
i have had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro. every time i get on and play call of duty i get a lot of friends yelling "get some" as they kill me, they all start laughing with me when they do this so i am assuming it is a good thing.
i bought a ps4 when it first launched and was fairly happy with it -- but ended up trading it in because i did not use it for about a year. i decided to get the pro because of the exclusive games, and i have a 4k tv (with no hdr support, sadly). but i can already tell the difference the ps4 pro makes. highly recommended.
this is my first ps4. i have played the original and while i still use a 1080p tv i can say load times and frane rates are inpressive. i also own a xbox one to compare. really happy with the purrase and love the horizon zero dawn. look forward to contining the uncharted series where it left off on my ps3.
we bought the playstation 4 pro for the family. we wanted to get rid of our cable service. the playstation uve channels are great, we are saving close to $50 a month. we have to use an antenna to get our local stations- news, and they come in well too. we have one video game so far and the family said the graphics on it are great.
i had the normal playstation launch console and decided to upgrade when purchasing a 4k sony bravia 850d and sony playstion vr headset because it supports 4k and hdr and also improves your vr quality and makes your older games look even better for a more immersed experience. i find myself going back to those games just for that.
so i just got this to go with my vr headset .i was going to but the ps4 slim but after reading reviews on the pro i figured fkran extra $100 was worth the improvement even if its minimal on my vr experience 4k streaming is great .but not playing 4k bluray is a big downside ..that is why i have an xbox one s also
the ps4 pro is an amazing system with some pretty good hardware inside. the only reason why i did not give it five stars is because it is not really necessary to have depending on your current game console situation. if you do not own a 4k tv then i would not buy and just get the slim version. if you do not own a ps4 and do own a 4k tv then this a must have console, puts amazing video outputs and overall just has a lot of power inside and cannot wait to see more game compatible with it. if you own a regular ps4 then you would have to consider if its worth the $400 investment to upgrade.
i was hesitant at first when i bought this console due to the fact that it is still a ps4 but wow i was wrong the ps4 pro is a beast paired with a 4k hdr tv if you already have a 4k tv with or without hdr get a ps4 pro and furture proof your gaming the visual are amazing with 4k hdr or a 1080p tv get one you will be happy you did
it is hard to compare when you get rid of a previous system for a new one how much better the new one is. the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran. it is quiet and has had no issues. i have used some of the 4k support and they look great.
we recently upgraded to the ps 4 pro, worth it! order for pick up is the way to go! you ca not always find what you need in the store but if you order for pick up you can run in and have it today vs. shipping it to the house.
great to go with my 4k tv, noticeably better graphics than my standard launch model, and very comparable to graphics on the xbox one x. only get this if you have a 4k tv and extra money to spare, if not get a 4k tv first, they are super cheap nowadays, and wait for ps5.
never been much of a gamer but thought i’d purchase one of these after playing around with my girlfriends. i work out in the aleutian islands for three months at a time and it get quite boring at night so i purchased this to play games and watch movies when i was off work for the night. it took a bit of getting used to the controls, but i’m really enjoying all this machine has to offer. i also get to communicate with my girlfriend more doing online games together when i’m gone.
nick is an excellent staff member at 181 curtner avenue, san jose.  very helpful and courteous. however, call centre staff is not very effective and the waiting time is really long. call keeps getting transferred before issue is finally resolved. took me 1.5 hours just to link 2 merchant ids to 1 account. still one purchase is missing on it.
my son has the wii u at his mom is and i like it, but the ps4 pro is great and suits me more. i am not a big gamer, but i have playstation now, which has hundreds of games to stream. i can just pick what i want to play, without having to go buy games.    i mainly got this so i can play online games with my kid in the army.
i already own a ps4 but i wanted more disk space for my sons. the ps4 pro offers 1tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4. you ca not really notice unless you have a 4k tv. this system is great and my sons love it.
buy taking advantage of rewards and saving bonus gift cards that come as a bonus with other products, i was able to save $70 dollars on this ps4 pro. easy set up. i did a back up and restore after replacing the hdd with an ssd and now i have p.t. available to play on a pro :)
we had to finally trade in our old ps4 and upgrade to the pro. we had an older one and we ran out of memory and some games had stopped working on it. at the time, we thought it was the games, but they work perfectly on the new one. so far it has been a seamless move - longest part was re-dowloading everything!
i just recently updated from my original ps4 to a ps4 pro since i purchased a lg 55b6p oled tv on black friday and my games look incredible! with a mixture of a great tv and a great console you can really tell the difference! i have always loved playstation and i am super happy with the new ps4 pro! buy one!
i wanted a 2nd ps4 to travel with while on jobs. the wifi is definitely better. but i havent noticed any that is a big game changer. if i had not had best buy reward points i would have likely purchased the regular ps4. i do like the controller better. its a little different. overall i am happy with it though.
i have always loved playstation since i had the first model. this model does not disappoint, as it has great hardware inside. i am excited for the 4k games that will be coming out in the future. i also am interested in the vr that you can use with the ps4 pro.
this is the best gaming system i have ever purchased. i have bought all of them at some point in my life and i ca not believe how well this one performs. best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy
so happy that i waited to buy a ps4. i never buy a console upon initial release as there are usually some bugs, tweaks, and minor glitches. also, by waiting i can usually score an 'upgraded' console with more bells and whistles at a lower price than the release. theory holds true again for the ps4 pro!
what else can i say that has not already been said? probably nothing. but this is a great console, the 4k games are incredible (i am coming from a ps3 to the 4pro). you will probably need a 65" or larger tv to take advantage though otherwise it all looks the same.
upon entering and walking towards the electronics and gaming section i noticed tht there were no consoles left on the shelves until i peeked and saw the very last one in the cage .... the assistant who helped me had a hard time opening the cage with the keys. so once the struggle was over i paid for the console and would not you know it .... they were out of extra large bags .... c amon best buy ...... step your game up bc i would hate to give my business to game stop or toys r us in the near future
my husband had a regular ps4 and it fell off our fireplace so we were due for a new one sadly so we upgraded to the ps4 pro and it is awesome! get color and shows 4k if you have that kind of tv. great purchase and it was well worth it!
i purchased this console after my original ps4 died. i do not know if i can tell a difference in graphics between the pro and the regular ps4, but i do appreciate the extra storage. i figure that as new games come out i will see a difference with the pro, but if you are not a hard core gamer (which i am not) then do not worry about the updated stuff and just get the regular ps4. i do suggest getting the 1 tb system though. the extra space is so worth it!
it is more expensive then i would like it to be, but the product itself is gold. the only naggy little issue i have is, after you turn it on, it takes a good 5 minutes to connect to the internet on wireless. i do not have this problem for my xbox one. may just be my ps4
i upgraded my batman ps4 to the pro when it is bluetooth stopped working (i.e. could not connect a controller). i game on pc and consoles and this shows a notable difference over the previous version on my 4k tv. i would not recommend it for those who have a standard 1080p tv.
honestly i have a gaming pc but i tend to play more console games and this ps4 pro version is not bad i like it just go buy it if you have the money and the new 4k hdr tvs like i do.  by the way i painted mine cuz i do not like the black color so i painted white and added some decals     just buy it
was in between a bind if i should buy the slim or the pro.. i am glad i got the pro it is quiet and runs like crazy.. i have had s gaming session of 12 hours one day.. and it was not even running hot.. it got warm but not hot.. it is a awesome system and i most def. recommend it..
i have had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation. i am very pleased with this console. i had a first gen ps4 and it seemed to lag on games but this ps4 pro does not on the mmo is i play. so happy i upgraded. only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling.
when you live in a van down by the river only the best is what i buy. xbox is for people that love to feel the breeze however, ps4 you add a mullet blowing in that wind. feeling the curls as they tickle your neck mullet style. drive by cars is a must listen when playing your ps4 pro.
playstation 4 has to be the greatest console ever made. in a sense, that is pretty obvious- each new generation of consoles features a set of better machines than the previous gen, and so on, so it follows that the new crop will feature one that is technically the 'best.'
coming from a pc and xbox one i did not know what all to expect. i bought it for horizon zero dawn and am thoroughly impressed. definitely a refined and finished product. if you have a ps4 i would wait for a sale if you are looking to get a ps4 just get the pro if you can afford it.
i do have 4k tv to fully use ps4 pro functions, however as of right now i do not see major difference between ps4 slim and ps4 pro in terms of graphic performances.    personally, i bought ps4 pro for future proof and if you are still deciding whether to buy slim or pro, i would say go for pro as an investment because you will enjoy the extra features in the future.
we bought a ps4 a year ago and it filled up so quickly with games that take up a huge amount memory for the graphics in games. the old game system is filled up with my 11 year old games, none of dad is games, so this big boy (ps4 pro) will be used exclusively for my games. sorry son.
although, a pain to switch hdmi for hdr (which is an absolute+++) it definately has an effect on the frame rate even without patchs on vr. titles where motion sickness is an issue, it makes them suttle or no longer an issue compared with the launch ps4. quiet also, have not had the fan come on once.
i had a ps4 1st gen with the touch eject issue, changed to a xbox one s and decided to come back. this console is not much bigger than my xbox was, and the heating and noise comments are trus, but exactly the same as the xbox. i do not regret at all! just waiting my 4k hdr tv to check all its power!
really great product especially to throw at your wife and kids when they’re upsetting you, i ca not recall how many times i came home from work and my annoying a** family comes to my mancave to great me and i just unplug it and chunk it at them, great buy
ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly. i wish i had a 4k tv to really make it worth it, but even so, i like the pro far better than my og ps4 which sounded like a space ship. the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too
bought this for my child for christmas. it is in good working order. there were not any instructions in the box so i had to go online to make sure i did not break anything. we both enjoy it. i made sure to get the console with the most memory for longevity. i am pleased with my purchase.
i had been keeping an eye out for a video game system for quite some time. my wife and family all pitched in and got me this for a christmas gift. downloads are perfect and there is plenty of room on the hard drive. all the apps run rather quick as well. netflix does not buffer.
love the ps4 overall, just having some issues with hdmi-cec with my samsung mu7000. the console will go black for several seconds a few minutes after startup, even in the middle of a game. very annoying. the game will also not switch inputs when you turn it on, it will only turn the tv on. this has been an outstanding issue since launch, it will probably not get fixed.
upgraded to the pro from a launch console after purchasing my psvr in october.. glad i decided to after finding out how much more the vr has to offer when paired up with the ps pro. only going to be pleased when external hdd support arrives with update 4.5.. game on!!
i bought my ps4 pro and lg 4k tic around the same time. when i first connected the game it had no video and it was not until i went online to find a fix. i had to adjust certain settings on my console before i was able to play it. several people have reported the same.   since then it works but i do not think it is 4k because my xbox one s and nvidia shield are 4k and there is a noticeable difference in the video quality. apart from that my family is enjoying the console. not sure whether that is a sony problem or lg.
the ps4 pro is a solid choice if you care about ps at all. 4k output is not super prominent in games yet but i have a feeling by the end of 2017 that will be a different story. the pro has been great for me so far and i am excited to get many hours of use in the years to come.
system works great, i am just slightly disappointed that it does not support 4k blu-ray discs. the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would. but no, it does not. other than that, it is an amazing system. pair it with the ps vr, and you will be in heaven!
i have read numerous reviews both before and after purchasing the ps4 pro, i must say that whether or not you own a 4k tv, there rare still advantages and benefits for purchasing one. standard hdtv owners have multiple options such as locking in the framerate @ 60fps, 1080p visuals @ 30fps; while 4k adopters can choose 4k graphics (upscaled?) with a lower frame rate. of course, this is all dependent on the developers. so for now, i would consider this a half step ahead; however, 2017 is upon us and things will change very soon.
i am more of a gameplay over graphics guy myself, but it is hard not to be impressed with this system when you have a 4k tv. if you are coming from an older ps4 the transfer process is a breeze, and you can even move over games that are not on psn any more (like p.t.)
added this to our home theater and everybody loves it. it even streams and allows you to go on the internet. we got the logitech keyboard to go with it. you do not need an audio receiver with it, unless you are a true audiophile and need output to more than 2 speakers.
the first thing you’ll notice is the change in design when compared to the launch ps4. the curved edges that give the console a much more elegant look. ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version, with a larger 1tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video.
if you have the ps4 500 gbs you should upgrade to ps4 pro. pro is double the memories, 4k streaming, and the speed is exceptional. there are some people that are disappointed because it does not play 4k movies. in my opinion it is a game system and streaming movies are secondary.
i had the regular ps4, not enough memory so i went ahead and bought the pro. ps4 pro brought my 4k tv to life i now discover what 4k is and with 1 tb of memory plus exclusive content for ps4 ca not ask for anything else. sony is the king.
i had the original ps4 great system so when i decided to step up to the pro i wondered if it would be worth it i can happily say definitely the 4k resolution is excellent as well as the added hard drive space (which i sorely needed) made it a great buy for me.
i had the original ps4 but needed more room and after a recent 4k tv purchase i figured it was time to upgrade to the ps4 pro. it has plenty of room and is super fast. it is everything i was looking for except a legitimate 4k optical drive. i clearly did not do enough research on it before the purchase. still absolutely love it and the upscaling is really really good.
i had my old ps4 from the day it came out. i decided to upgrade to the pro because i have a 4k tv. i noticed a difference right away when i was playing battlefield 1. i am very happy with this purchase and i recommend it to anyone looking to get a ps4 this holiday season.
i traded in my other ps4 system because they told me this one was awesome and they were right. i especially like to play 4k movies with it because they look incredibly clearly and vivid. with the increased memory you do not have to worry about saving too many video games.
this has been a great gaming console, it does so much more than my ps3 even though i am keeping the ps3 too. i do not believe you can play any ps1,2 or 3 games on it. if there was a downside to any ps consoles it is that you have to purchase games for that particular one.
mainly bought for the 1tb drive, everything else was extra. you must have a 4k tv to actually be able to tell the difference. other then that is sony so expect the best out of this product. the new controller feels great.!! a must have if you do not already have a pa4.
worth it if you have a 4k tv. those who are expecting a big difference do not. i upgraded from having the regular ps4 and i do not regret it. i am a big graphics nerd no matter how minimal, luckily, i have a 4k tv and it makes for a very sharp gaming experience.
simply the best place to play m an upgraded version for those who want to experience another level of the greatness , better graphics and powerful console which is 2 times more powerful than the original ps4 , it is a perfect deal if you have a 4k tv with hdr
i got this ps4 pro for my husband for christmas. he wanted it and i found a good deal to buy in bundle with tv and save $50. since i just got it i do not know how long it will last but last one ps4 lasted for a while. so i hope it goes the same for the ps4 pro
runs great and supported 4k games look wonderful. however, seeing that most games do not support a native 4k resolution and many other games do not benefit from the pros features (supers ampling, increased fps, more stable performance) i would not recommend the upgrade if you already have the base ps4. a 4k bluray player would have been nice as well but it is a great product nevertheless for those going into the ps4 for the first time, especially if you have a 4k setup.
i have never been a ps fan my whole life. my brother had got a ps4 and i found so many things about it. then the vr can out so i decided to get it. i love my ps4. so many good features and way user friendly. more user friendly than the xbox 360 or 1.
i had a ps2 so upgrading was needed and figured it would be good to get this system. i have not played any of my old games, but i have used it to watch movies, and play some new games on it with my 4k tv i have and the games look beautiful.
i mainly game on pc but got a ps4 pro for some console exclusives such as bloodborne. to my surprise, even though bloodborne is a sony japan game, it does not have a ps4 pro patch! i wish they would support improvements on all games for ps4 pro owners. you also do not get any kind of trial for ps+, which adds 60 dollars a year to your already expensive purchase.    but beside all that, it is a pretty nice console. i think sony has outdone microsoft here this gen.
the only reason we bought this console is because it is the only way our son could play mlb the show 17. this game is not offered on pc, xbox, wii u or other systems.    the playstation 4 pro is a powerful machine although lacking a 4k uhd drive for movie playback. the vr add-ons are as much as the console so not sure how much we will continue to invest in playstation games.
not yet sure if it is a fault in the playstation is hardware or software. the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds. after a few of these, the input becomes lost completely. i restart the tv to re- establish input connection. then the process starts all over again.  i am sending the system in for warranty to make sure.  i will update this after i recieved my unit back and test it again.
i bought this game system because of the spider-man game.  i have three xbox in the house and the children opposed this game system. i took a chance and purchased the game system and the kids love it. aside from playing spider-man the kids play just dance we have for the xbox but it is nice to have additional game system in case the kids what to play separate and apart.
i am an old guy who has not gamed in almost 20 years. set up was easy, the games i chose were great, although there is the occasional crash. whether that is the game or system i do not know. i am not concerned with watching films on ps4.  the downside is poor, or difficult to obtain, instructions for use, i.e. using library, checking what is stored, memory left, etc.
i love this, ever since i got it i ca not put it down. just a few times i have had some hiccups where it glitches but then returns and i am able to continue playing. love the vr package i got with it. had it delivered to store and came when promised.
i would not say i regret getting the pro...but i would only recommend it to some where $400 really does not matter. to my eyes, there is not a huge difference in the 4k (usually checkerboard) games during actual gameplay. if you pause the game and change settings, yeah, you can see it...but it is nothing amazing. i wish developers would focus on using the extra power for improved framerates instead of resolution (some do...but most do not)
pretty great 4k capabilities and enhanced performance but honestly sony should have done more. more reason for folks with a ps4 to upgrade.     there is barely any reason except to take advantage of 4k. if you do not have a 4k tv then do not even think about upgrading. as a whole though, if you are in the market to purchase a new console, then this is the definitely the right choice for you.     here is to hoping they release a bundle soon.
last year, i bought an xbox one s. i hated it from day one. after a year i bought a ps4. the ps4 is so much more user friendly and easier to navigate. there are also many games that are only available on ps4. my only complaint is that it does not play 4k blu-ray discs, but it will at least stream 4k.
i would only recommend buying the pro unless you have a 4k television. i am in the television industry so i am into graphics. the more gigs are a major plus for me because i have a lot of games. go out and purchase one if your on the fence.
i purchased the ps4 pro on sunday. it was definitely worth the extra 100 dollars for the pro. i have a 4k tv with hdr so i know down the line i will be seeing what the pro can fully do. do not think , get the pro and not the slim
i use my ps4 pro almost everyday and i do not regret my purchase not one bit. i do wish that sony spent a little more time on it so that it would be better able to compete with the one x in the graphics department. it also lacks a quality screensaver if you have an oled tv so you have to be careful to avoid burn-in.
works flawlessly, seemed to have less lag issues than the standard ps4 slim. little bummed out it does not read 4k ultra hd disc, one of the main reasons i bought it. but digital downloads can be used in ultra hd and 4k. note to buyer, do not waste money on hard copy 4k movies to insert it in the ps4 pro just digital download it.
i got this to go with my new 4k tv. the quality is slightly better than the regular ps4 in my opinion. the games i have been playing however were not made with the 4k and the ps4 pro is upscaling it. i am not sure it is worth to spend the extra until more games will use the 4k.  other than that the system is running great and seems quicker then the previous model as well.
all in all, i bought this in order to get the most out of my ps4 games. however, i am disappointed by the lack of a 4k blu-ray player, especially when sony was one of the pioneers of the format. but if you can put that complaint aside, it is a solid choice if you want to experience the most out of your ps4 library
worth the money if you’re just getting into consoles, but if you already have a ps4 i’d save the money , not worth the upgrade, but overall a great console. also worth noting it performs better with the psvr, other than that if that is not your thing then stick with a slim or a standard model.
the one x is doomed. ps4 pro is the king of consoles. still not sure why the maker of blu-ray does not include a 4k player but the competition does and it is theirs??? streaming will never equal the raw disk source. i would have paid extra to include this. oh well, @$350 there is no equal gaming experience.
i upgraded from the original ps4 and i’m loving every second. i wanted something 4k and enhanced graphics (i am an pc players so graphics and fps do matter to me) and i could immediately see the difference with games like last of us and call of duty: world war 2.
i was hesitant to upgrade based on some reviews i would read but with horizon zero dawn coming out i thought it was time. so far i have had a great experience with the system. runs smoothly, and 4k games are gorgeous. horizon and uncharted 4 are noticeably better on pspro. to be honest have not played many other games on it though, and that is where it seems many other reviewers have run into issues.
