i do not play it but i was pleased to know that this does not get overheated like the other one and it does not sound super loud like the other one.
i bought the ps4 pro when it first came out and it lasted about 1.5 years but started over heating.
ps4 pro is a total entertainment machine!
i've tried to charge it from the wall or other devices but those options do not seem to have enough power.
it is the pro of ps4 great news is it is better than the pro.
user interface still responds as slow as ps4.
the increased hard drive storage space is nice, but the lack of 4k blu-ray support is baffling.
i've owned both the release date ps4 and the ps4 pro.
finally ps4 pro is out!!
but this ps4 pro was technically way stronger than xbox s for $50 more!
overall i've been happy with the purchase.
i've been an xbox guy ever since the original came out.
sony - playstation 4 pro console - jet black  battle friends and foes with the sony playstation 4 pro console.
the new playstation 4 pro is a very powerful system with great hdr capabilities.
my ps4 pro console keeps crashing on me while doing normal browsing.. it crashed last night when trying to watch a trailer for a game i was looking to purchase.
best buy may have sold me a bad console.. prob some refurbished crap?
the ps4 pro does not provide any real significant differences to warrant another 400$.
processor speed alone and hard drive space helps !!
i purchased a ps4 at launch and wanted to get the pro for the extra hard drive space, 4k gaming and we are looking to get ps vue.
regarding the ps4 pro itself the design and size of the machine make it look a bit bulky (as if two ps4s were taped together).
i tried the xbox one prior to getting the ps4 pro since it was cheaper, but i just could not do it - i like the ps systems.
i have xbox is, and a switch, but this is my first ps4... i bought it for the vr capabilities, and they really are state of the art.
i’ve been a ps guy since ps1.
but my ps4 pro is just too good.
most games either look great and or play great.
hdr support is really good.
the ps4 pro required a couple of aspects of 4k that my tv did not have i ended up returning both the tv and the playstation pro i was very disappointed
my original launch ps4 died after accidently being dropped so i decided to pay the extra $100 and get the pro when i went to get another.
i’ve had a ps4 since 2016. i was looking at the specs of the 4k ps4 pro and figured why not upgrade.
i've never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase, but i've been so happy that i now have one.
the ps4 pro, i must admit is worth the extra $100.
the good the ps4 pro outputs a 4k- and hdr signal that is compatible with high-end tvs, and promises better visuals and increased frame rates for certain games.
the ps4 pro does not play ultra hd 4k blu-ray discs.
better load times, frame rates, and a higher resolution, what is not to love?
only issue ive experienced, as why a 4 and not a 5 star, may just be a sony thing but to charge having a plugged in controller (meanwhile cord didnt feel like it secured well in port) in standby mode (which says it will charge) so couldnt tell if it was charging.
i've had a tough time and still no luck getting my tv and the ps4 pro to show games in hdr.
the ps4 pro differs from the ps4 in video capability as well as has a usb 3.0 connector on the backside which allows connection of an external hdd for storage expansion (whereas ps4 only has usb 3.0 ports on the front).
the system itself is great, tons of memory with the 1 tb storage.
i purchased the pro to replace my standard white ps4 since i wanted the 4k resolution.
(and probably a lot more in the future) that provide 4k quality with tons of diversity and at the fraction of the cost of bluray discs.
purchased the pro for our living room as we needed another ps4 (now in games room) and recently purchased the psvr (recommend that to anyone - it is a complete game changer!!).
psvr improvements are also noticeable and future games coded with the ps4 pro in mind will take even more advantage i'm sure.
i bought the playstation 4 pro console after a recent 4k tv purchase.
i've played a lot of different games on this system already, and the upgrade in visual quality is impressive.
the ps4 pro is the definitive way to play current gen games, for those who have a 4k tv (preferably with hdr).
all ps4 consoles support hdr which is fantastic, but the ps4 pro will add a sharper resolution and faster frame rate to some titles making them really shine on your uhd 4k tv.
the new "boost mode" only available on the ps4 pro is also a great option.
the only thing i wish is that it came with a game and a slightly better controller than the standard dual shock 4. a pro console deserves a pro controller.
i've been wanting to get a second console and between the switch and ps4 pro, it will be the sales that get me.
e3 sale was good timing but nintendo did not budge so i went with the pro.
the ps4 pro gets me my 4k gaming needs now.
the only reason i gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is that i wish it had a 4k blu-ray player.
have 4k tv and hdr this upgrade is worth it.
only issue that i knew going in is that i had a 2tb hdd upgrade in my standard/original ps4 and had to swap out the drive.
really loving the ps4 pro console so far.
games look and play fantastic and there is no fps drops that i’ve noticed.
the ps4 pro makes no noise at all - even during really challenging combat.
otherwise, everything is great, and you'll get the quality you'd expect out of sony is console.
fast wifi connection over the dual-band router.
the ps4 is a great console, though if you already have the original ps4 it is not worth the upgrade to the pro unless you have a 4k tv.
purchased my ps4 pro from walmart and i bought the extended warranty but i got a 3-year warranty for $39 i'm enjoying the system more over my 2nd generation ps4 its quieter when playing higher demanding games and having the extra 3.0 usb port on the back can be very useful/having the extra horsepower is reassuring too!
the sony ps4 pro is a worthwhile upgrade for people who want the best ps4 experience.
great console for the price.
but the ps4 pro games that are supported are truly stunning.
the console has great potential, i only hope devs will utilize this.
faster loading better graphics when a game has pro support for 2d and vr gaming.
took about 3 hours of searching online and restarting my ps4 in safe mode many many times before i actually got it work, but let me tell you that once i did get it to work the improvement was definitely noticeable.
only thing i could complain about is that it cannot play 4k discs, and has a interesting disk drive sound when inserting and taking out discs.
it outputs high frame rates and higher resolutions on a lot of old games improving them so much that you'd want to dive back into those games.
the ps4 pro is great.
higher resolution with 4k hdr support and plays your games at higher refresh rate.
the new system makes less noise has double the hard drive space and works great on a 4k tv.
i've had an original generation ps4 for a couple of years now, and had not really previously seriously considered upgrading to a pro.
it was on sale, so i purchased it.
the larger hard drive, speed, and graphics are nice for the games.
also i've had my ps3s since launch and playing blu-rays have not wore anything out, mgs backwards compatible bundle to slim is.
the ps4 pro, does this.
ps4 pro is beast and it is excellent device for gaming.
the ps4 pro is great if you have a 4k hdr tv.
the games that are optimized are a great they look cleaner and graphics are more crisp.
i've been playing playstation since 1995. it is impressive how far the technology has come.
i updated my ps4 to the pro because of the graphic and hdr upgrades.
i play mostly sports and rpg titles.
i play on a 4k hdr and the graphics look stellar.
coming from an xbox one x i was a bit let down due to sometimes being a bit laggy loading up certain things on the main menu.
downside to the ps4 pro is that while it can display 4k games and other content through streaming (4k netflix is pretty awesome), it will not play any 4k blu ray disks.
the ps4 pro delivers!
picked up a ps4 pro after it went on sale and can say i am not disappointed.
i bit the bullet and boom the new ps4 pro now working with my 4k television.
i bought the ps4 pro along with my new 65-inch sony tv expecting to enjoy great video games and ultra 4k movies very disappointed in sony for not supporting ultra 4k blu-ray on the ps4 pro.
the ps4 pro with only play blu-ray movie.
my new ps4 pro, takes more than 1 minute to turn on, does not accept any cd...gaming feels not so good.
upgraded to the ps4 pro because my friend wanted a ps4 so i sold him mine and upgraded to this since it is more beneficial to me as i have a 4k tv and he does not.
i’ve had this for about a month now.
i shipped the ps4 pro to sony to have them fix it but they refused to do so without paying $150 first.
the ps4 pro is a great upgrade for a user with 4k hdr tv available.
the ps4 pro is a bit of an odd duck.
this system only supports 4k video through streaming (which will look great but still suffer from some degree of compression).
despite this, everything has looked great on the system that i have played so far, and it is nice getting to experience 4k upscaled versions of games i owned previously.
the graphics look way better and you can really see finer details in games.
the playstation 4 pro is the go-to console for true gamers.
the ps4 pro is 4k compatible so i can now watch 360 videos in 4k (although it has to be rendered to a certain file format which is slightly watered down).
i play at my friends house quite a bit on a regular resolution tv land on the ps4 slim and gameplay is very good and graphics are pretty great but whenever i play at my house on my 4k tv in my ps4 pro it makes the quality of the regular ps4 and regular tv seem obsolete truly is an amazing combination do not waste your money unless you’re going to pair it with a 4k tv though
my ps4 pro runs like an absolute beast.
i've played it on 4k and 1080 tvs and it looks good on both.
i've been playing on a regular ps4 since launch day and been gaming on a samsung 1080p tv since 2011...so i decided to do a full entertainment upgrade.
if you thought ps4 games looked better than xb1 games already, then the pro takes it one more step above.
only thing that sucks is that there is no 4k blue ray player.
the 4k makes games really immersive and goes great with my curved monitor.
plus, the new controller it comes with is fantastic as well.
the ps4 pro gives boosts to certain games, but not always in the same way.
some have better frame rates, other have higher fidelity graphics.
the new features of the dualshok controllers are also welcome upgrades.
i've never had to send it any of my playstations for repair, while my friends with xboxs seem to also be sending theirs in.
search "ps4 pro black screen" before purchasing.
is the ps4 pro a good system?
online game play is more fluent to my knowledge compare to what i had to deal with from the previous model (ps4).
but i've found myself stopping to check out the scenery since this purchase.
the new boost mode makes games that did not used to run at a great framerate on the base ps4 run just fine now, so it is a great machine overall.
the ps4 pro runs great on my tv and the loading times are faster and the games run smoother than on my original ps4.
the ps4 pro is great for gamers with a 4k tv looking to get the best graphical fidelity.
games look great, everything works smooth and we're having a blast.
nice upgrade from a launch ps4, 4k and hdr games look incredible!
obviously, the ps4 pro is best intended for someone with a 4k television or planning on getting one in the near future.
the ps4 pro is nice, the only downside is it does not come with a 4k blue ray player like the xbox one x. that just seems like sony is way of coming out with new machine to have everyone upgrade.
i've read reviews about individuals not concerned since they stream exclusively but i consider that short sighted.
unfortunately, the ps4 pro does not play 4k ultra hd discs, but it does support blu-ray.
i've been playing for weeks and am impressed with how fast it is and how smoothly gameplay goes.
i've seen improvements in a number of games in our home theater still running 1080p.
i purchased this playstation 4 pro and the sound quality and the image of the picture watching the games is excelente , the graphics and when playing the game it looks like you are in the game with the 4k, i reccomend you to buy this because you will enjoy this playstation 4 pro.
i got this ps4 pro as a christmas present and while i love it just like all the other playstation consoles i've owned, i really wish they could've added in a 4k blu-ray player as well.
regardless, the picture for streaming and playing games looks great on a 4k tv!
the graphics are great and overall gameplay is better than the xbox.
i would've given a 5 star rating but i've noticed a couple of glitches with some games.
the xbox one x is more powerful and i think generally more impressive, but for exclusive games this is the best option.
i had a ps4 but upgraded to the ps4 pro because i got the ps vr.
i love the playstation 4 pro.i am playing red dead redemption.this has got to be the best game ever created.the graphics are life like.i like how easy the playstation turns on and off.
employees of best buy are the greatest.always helpful.
i got the ps4 pro specifically for the sony exclusives.
after having the ps4 pro for a couple of months, i have found myself using it more than the xbox.
the ps4 pro is a bit larger than the ps4 too but its solid and durable.
great picture in 4k tvs.
my old ps3 died so i bought the ps4 pro with 4k support and wow, what a difference compare to 1080p, there is no going back.
the ps4 pro might get a little hot near the back but so far it is not causing any problems.
i often load into games much faster than my friends on their older systems.
the only problem i've had is that the supplied hdmi cable shorted out and i had to replace it.
we purchased the ps4 pro because of the storage and because of the hd compatibility.
the only thing we do not like is whenever we turn the tv on or off the ps4 turns on and off as well.
the 1tb hard drive is a great amount of space for saving games.
i purchased the ps4 pro hesitantly thinking it would not make that much of a difference but i was very wrong.
i play this on my samsung ks8000 and the graphics are beautiful on games that are pro updated.
the ps4 pro is a great addition if you have a 4k tv, even if you already own a standard ps4.
the playstation 4 pro was a highly recommended system from a similar enthusiast with excellent tastes.
this ps4 pro was very easy to hook up by the way just hooked up my 4k cable to the input of my tv and then plugged in the power supply and turned it on and set it up took me less then 5 min to hook it up.
the user interface is a little less streamlined than the ps3 however it is still very useable.
god of war, horizon, all of the uncharted games, the yakuza series, and countless other awesome japanese games.
the system plays and looks great on my 4k vizio tv.
the only problem i've found is that it puts off significantly more heat than the normal ps4.
i've expanded my horizon to playstation 4 so that i could play the great exclusives on the system.
the machine looks great and plays great.
plenty of great games to enjoy.
i've been pretty pro-sony for a while now.
the ps4 pro was very easy to assemble.
thanks for best buy and special financing.
i've owned playstation since the first one but they've taken it to a whole different level with 4k gaming.
while the ps4 pro is a minimal upgrade from the standard ps4 it is one that you can definitely notice if you have a 4k tv at home.
the ps4 pro does not make a huge difference unless you have a 4k tv so you may want to account for that if you're in the market to get a new ps4.
games load faster, the upgraded gpu is noticeable (sharper images, higher fps, much quicker navigation).
the ps4 pro itself is what you would expect from a sony flagship console.
overall great console with razor sharp visuals if you have the tv to display it.
the ps4 pro has the best selection of games for all genres.
ps4 pro is a good upgrade over the base console.
only reason i did not give the system 5 stars, is because the fan is very loud compared to the xbox one x.
best buy had the best deal searching all over the web.
i have the ps4 pro hooked up to my samsung js8500 with hdr (hdmi uhd color) on.
the extra hard drive space alone was great but another thing i was very pleased with was how the pro runs so much smoother and quieter than the regular system.
i've owned both a ps4 and a ps4 pro and i can confirm that games run better on the playstation 4 pro.
i've noticed some games running better using boost mode that did not receive an update for the ps4 pro specs.
i got the ps4 pro for the pure power and performance as well as extra storage space.
the ps4 pro is a very slight update.
ps4 pro is the way to go!!!
the ps4 pro is the way to go!
it games very smoothly and looks great on a samsung 4k tv.
the ps4 pro is great!
the ultra hd 4k is beautiful.
the only problem is that it does not come with an ultra hd 4k blu ray player.
great hdr gaming for your ps4 titles.
i've been wanting to get a ps4 for several years, and finally broke down during sony is days of play sale during e3.
the ps4 pro console delivered fully on my expectations, but be aware that although this is equipped for 4k gaming, it does not have a 4k blu-ray player for movies.
i've been enjoying gaming on this system for a month now and have zero regrets.
i bought the ps4 pro this is one great console it is quieter than the regular ps4 it is faster in processing games apps, you notice it more in games.
yes the playstation pro 4 wo not have an ultra blu-ray drive, but that is because sony is releasing a player in the spring of 2017. streaming ca not measure up to the physical disc in any shape or form.
we've used xbox 360 in our home in the past and decided to give ps a chance since it allows offline game play for downloaded games, something i read was not completely possible with xbox one initially.
the graphics power has been upgraded and you can definitely tell the better contrast in colors as well as the brightness in certain game scenes.
best buy in nb was a good experience customer service was excellent.
traded my old ps4 in to upgrade to the pro and overall i'm very happy.
i've been addicted to the psvr and it made a major improvement on the vr graphics and frame rate.
faster load and download times especially during system upgrades.
of course better graphics.
i primarily play call of duty multiplayer so i use a 4k gaming monitor instead of a laggy tv.
although the gameplay is smoother, i did not notice a huge leap in graphics visualization.
i've been an xbox person for the past 10 years and i do have the xbox1 slim and since i got the pro i have not turn on my xbox.
ps4 pro is an amazing console, it looks really good when your not on a 4k tv and it really plays the games smooth with out any lag issues.
great console over all and i would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a ps4.
meaning a smoother gameplay experience.
also the extra room for more games and apps is abig plus.
pro version is faster and better in every ways.
great console.just upgraded from ps4 to pro.you will not feel the difference unless you buy a 4k tv and if the tv supports hdr that is a plus.i bought hisense 55 tv to use it with the console and the difference in picture is noticeable .things like high quality textures,dynamic lighting effects and dynamic environment will look great on pro.i played /horizon zero dawn on it and the details in the game blew my mind.
i play pc games as well so comparing quality of the graphics is a bit difficult.
first time i've seen actual full gameplay that looks better than the cut scenes.
if a ps4 is a 7/10 the ps4 pro is a 8.5/10.
the fan is not that loud too, which is a problem i had with my other ps4, even after i cleaned it.
i've always been console agnostic but found myself almost exclusively using my xbox one and then xbox one s for the past year and a half or so.
the 1tb hard drive is perfect for people like me with tons of playstation plus games.
the ps4 pro works great.
picture quality is great particularly with" enhanced for playstation pro" games (check back of game box for this) and get this: you can hook up an external hard drive.
i've paired it with my 70-inch 4k tv and it is amazing the difference.
i've had ps systems from the first.
the extra hard drive space is going to get some exercise.
overall performance is faster.
bought the pro because my day1 ps4 was acting up.
best buy had the slim version on sale but does not have the digital optical port needed for my headset, so opted for the pro.
with the xbox one x on the horizon, this was a difficult purchase to justify -- until my pros and cons list was tilted due to console exclusives and the fact that i had a recently purchased 4k hdr tv waiting to flex its muscles.
i've only played a few games on it so far and ca not wait to get some time to pick up some more and try them on it.
i've really enjoyed mine so far and look forward to playing secret of mana, dragon quest xi, and other upcoming games next year.
the ps4 pro turned out to be a great gaming console when paired with a 4k hdr tv and hdr enabled games.
the ps4 pro is a great graphical overhaul over the base ps4, with 4k hdr capabilities and better frame rates.
my only problem with this system is the lack of extra memory support, meaning it still does not allow you to use an external hard drive.
ps4 pro is 4k capabilities are incredible with my 4k television, and i can tell a difference between regular, and pro albeit not a tremendous amount.
i've just been playing on my ps3 until now.
i've been a sony fan from the beginning stages of the playstation.
the gameplay is smoother, graphics are more rich, and overall interface runs more quickly.
the games i play and want to play all have some sort of support for this system so i finally joined the field.
games look great and controllers are nice.
the ps4 pro is awesome, perfect with my c9 lg, the graphics are unreal, this aint your daddy is old ps2, the ps4 pro rocks the only shortfall is it does not play ultra high def dvd is!
the ps4 pro is the perfect system to buy if you care about hdr and 4k gaming as well.
also the hdmi cable that was included with the system was more on the cheaper end of hdmi cables.
i purchased this pro to upgrade my existing ps4 in the living room and also to move the old ps4 to another room.
the ps4 pro is by far the best.
i've held off on buying a ps4, as my ps3 still plays quite a few of the games that i want.
the only thing i'm disappointed by is the fact that it does not support 4k bluray.
then the xbox one comes out and it is nothing but a nightmare to me so when i finally after all these years was able to get my pro i can tell anyone that you wo not be disappointed to have gotten this system.
the only thing i will complain about is if you have a power outage or you accidentally shut something off it can damage the system if the pro is on so you have to be very careful with that and that always has me on guard.
the playstation 4 pro has all of the necessities for gamers and media consumers.
the user interface is clean and easy to understand as well as to use.
i've had playstation games from the time i was in elementary school.
i bought the ps4 pro in may 2018, and a year later, it still runs as well as can be expected from a playstation or sony product.
i've had no issues at all with the product.
great game quality on this, great to use when you do not have cable, more user friendly physical interface making the dvd/game ejection obvious to those not familiar with the console.
i had a ps4 since day 1.   having a pro is like putting a super charger in your car, it just breaths new life to your games.
i own ps4 prior to ps4 pro.. i have no issues with my old system but i was looking for something with bigger storage space and extra usb ports.. pro delivered all of that plus much more.. great performance, much faster, seems like newer games looks awesome on my 4k tv.. if you have spare $$$ invest it
the ps4 pro is great.
also new boost mode great especially with games that have unlocked frame rates.
really nice upgrade from ps3, except for surround sound output and no solid state drive (ssd) option.
i've heard people complaining about the lack of 4k disc drive, but honestly why would anybody pay $30 for a movie that you can get digitally for half the price and that the console will upscale anyway to 4k?
i play my ps4 everyday so this was a no brainer for me.
the ps4 pro is a good value for $399 since it can give you some kind of 4k gaming experience whether it is native 4k, checkerboard rendering, or a different resolution boost like 1440p.
the ps4 pro might not compete well with a top-tier gaming pc but it is still a good value for your money.
i sold my ps4 to a buddy and bought the ps4 pro to replace it.
we bought the ps4 pro for our kids it is a little hard for them because all they always had it was nintendo consoles, they have to get just to the new controllers and games are harder to pass but once they get to play a little they'll get it really fast.
ps4 pro brings the predictable solid build quality, a nice look, and a clean ui.
as a long time xbox user, microsoft has gotten crazy with the ui.
i bought the ps4 pro for my partner for christmas.
the only problem i see is that now he does not want to do anything besides play games.
ps4 pro is the way to go if you have a 4k tv.
like getting to play the exclusives i've been missing out on.
i play ffxv and with it i had two new options to improve quality.
but the games have been great so far.
the fan might get a bit loud the longer you play, but that is how you dissipate the heat this thing produces for stellar gaming.
the ps4 pro is anazing!
the ps4 pro upscales blu ray disks and ps4 games and it looks incredible on my 4k uhd tv!
the ps4 pro is definitely worth buying if you have a 4k tv set and the price is not too bad if you trade in your old ps4.
my only issue is sometimes when i’m playing picture will go black for a frame.
i've seen a few people online with the same issue.
the xbox one x defiantly has better 4k quality in my opinion than the ps4 pro but maybe i just do not know how to set it up correctly.
i've primarily used xboxes for the past 15+ years, but i felt a little adventurous and expanded my horizons by purchasing the ps4 pro.
great system, looks amazing on a 4k tv.
lots of great games available, including several exclusives.
the ps4 pro is good.
i have an xbox one x as well and having compared some games side by side, i have to say that the ps4 pro is definitely better than a regular ps4/xbox one but it does not fundamentally change they way games look.
the ps4 pro is a great system for gamers, the video output max is 4k but a 4k compatible tv is need to use these capabilities.
not saying i've converted but i'm very impressed with the ps4 pro.
i play it just as much as my other console in my downtime since purchase.
the extra space is wonderful and the graphics are sweet.
if you've ever played intense games like uncharted 4 and spiderman you'll know that the system gets very loud, so much for me i could hear it over my tv speakers.
the ps4 pro does what i want it to and does it well.
great system and i loved it.
i got this ps4 pro because i've already own a ps4.
games load faster, are crisper, and look smoother.
currently the best experience for gaming, i have every console.
ordered the ps4 pro after donating my old ps4 to a friends child, and it came to front door in 2 days, big box and full of de big bags so it wo not get any damage and un rapping that box was like christmas!
i've own an ps4 since launch and if it was not only for me upgrading my old 4k tv with a newer hdr i would have keep my old ps4.
got the ps4 pro and man oh man.
ps4 pro or ps4 slim, it does not matter which one.
as far as video games go the ps4 has many great exclusive titles.
this ps4 pro is so much faster than my launch ps4.
i load in faster than my friends!
i've been playing primarily on pc and nintendo hardware for the last five years, so it was exciting to finally pick up a ps4 pro in 2018. the games are excellent, there is no major hardware problems, and the pro has a bunch of neat features that the standard model ps4 lacks.
i bought the ps4 pro with the intention of replacing my launch ps4.
i've played battlefield 1, rise of the tomb raider, call of duty infinite warfare, and infamous: second son and there is a significant difference between the standard ps4 and the pro.
finally got a ps4 pro, i was looking for a bundle with a game but couldnt find any.
i've had a ps4 for a couple of years now and was always happy with it.
i'm an xbox one player and i have all the generations of xbox 1 and i have all the generations of playstation except ps4 and i decided to get it and it still feels a bit weird for me to use but i think i like it alot because of the animations and the user interface is nice but it sometimes lacks some features that can be really useful like to quickly add an opponent after a game fast than typing out the gamertag.. i love it and i cant wait to make use of the vr for the ace combat 7.
after trying xbox one x and ps4 pro, i can say that the ps4 has a more premium feel to it in regards to gaming.
i've been debating between xbox and playstation or a gaming pc for over 4 years.
i've played the ps4 now for about 6-months and, so far, it is a great machine.
i bought this ps4 pro on sale and i'm happy with it.
i've been playing some 4k game titles on the ps4 pro and they look fantastic.
i've been very happy with thus far with the few games i own for it and also like the feel of the new of dual shock 4 controllers as well.
we bought the ps4 pro for psvr and we are not disappointed.
btw the hard drive only has 860ish gb of available storages fyi.
not sure current ps4 should upgrade unless you're planning to get the ps vr then you'll definitely need the extra graphics power the pro offers otherwise save your money.
higher frame rates during gameplay is the real reason to purchase this system.
i've been using xbox is exclusively for years now and just decided to try out ps again.
my ps4 pro is more reliable and easier to use than my xbox one.
i've got nothing but good things to say about my ps4 pro outside of one small thing.
games built for ps4 pro look awesome and even the accelerator capability works well for non pro native games.
only problem i had is some black screen drop outs when i configured for 4k and hdr.
i've read so many reviews about the playstation 4 pro that i ca not think of anything new to say.. it is a great machine !
i play several games with my grandson every time he comes over.
i've always felt that way.
i've had a ps2 before and switched to xbox after that with the graphics being better then (at least i think so) and with the kinect being so much advanced than the "lollipops" of the ps4.
i've read on many different forms how many people are having problems with a in compatible tv or tv and receiver but i can tell you that with all three of these components, i'm getting full hdr and 4k with the no issues.
the only thing is the stems on the controller, we are constantly taking it for an exchange.
i've had it a couple of weeks and i'm totally happy with it.
the playstation pro is an amazing 4k gaming console.
the ps4 pro is a very powerful console with a large library of beautiful looking games and many exclusives.
-_- ps4 pro is still the best console with the best game lineup.
i have an xbox one s “i know the x is equal to the pro” & the ps4 pro is better in almost every way.
my kids have an xbox one but most of my coworkers have ps4s so i figured i would give it a try so i could game with them.
i purchased this playstation 4 pro console for my teenage son.
i've been wanting the ps4 pro for awhile and was just waiting for a sale and finally black friday came!
the ps4 pro is currently the best playstation console on the market.
i've always been a playstation fan.
games play a little smoother than the ps4 slim my gf has but i dont notice it too much.
the ps4 pro does what it was advertised to do.
i believe the ps4 pro is getting a bad reputation from critics for no reason what so ever!
the ps4 pro fixed these issues i was experiencing.
as for the pro, even without 4k (yet) i noticed a performance boost over my original ps4, and the machine is solidly made with nice finishing touches.
the only thing is my old ps4 with a 1tb hybrid ssd/hdd is noticeably quicker at most tasks but it is probably from the hard drive and the fact it is only outputting 1080p.
the playstation four pro is a fantastic product.
i recommend any playstation four to anyone, especially the pro if you have 4k hdr tv
ps4 pro is a great console to own if you are upgrading from a ps3.
the ps4 pro is definitely an upgrade thats worth it.
i have both xbox one and ps4 and i always go for ps4 games not because of the performance of the game but because the console user interface is far superior.
great gaming system, very very good graphics, my children enjoy it to the max and they were very excited to receive this for a christmas present this past christmas, i myself enjoy it as well, very good product, i think it is the best ps4 system to date, definitely the best graphics of any gaming system on the market, good job sony.
the ps4 pro is great but the overall transaction was a bit tedious.
if you've never owned a ps4 before, the ps4 pro is the one i recommend buying.
the only reason i can think to buy a ps4 slim is if money is the main driving force.
ps4 pro is a superior machine than x-box.
noticably better graphics and frame rate.
the ps4 pro is an awesome and very powerful console!
the quality of play is 10x better than i'd dreamed (i'm a pc gamer mostly and the lack of lag so far is amazing) plus i'm a sucker for the final fantasy series, so it was a win win.
the ps4 pro loads games fast and can download other stuff while your playing a game which is very convenient.
i've always been a playstation user and i could not go without having this one.
having a 1080p tv without hdr, this was more of a "im buying this because i can, not because i should" expierence.
the playstation 4 pro is not an essential upgrade if you already have a regular ps4, however, i do not think anyone will be disappointed since this unit has huge advantages over the original.
got the ps4 pro when i upgraded to a new 4k tv.
i got the ps4 pro to play games.
i have an xbox one and this ps4, and so far i found that ps4 had much more unique titles coming out.
the extra storage space is a great help.
love just about everything about it ... great for playing games and watching old dvds.
ps4 pro is a nice upgrade from the original ps4 released 3 years ago.
i've always been a pc gamer but bought the ps4 pro to enjoy 4k hdr content and play the exclusives.
i needed another ps4 for different room and the pro was on sale.
i bought a ps4 pro to upgrade my launch day ps4.
the ps4 pro does not disappoint.
the ps4 pro controller is also compatible with my pc games via the usb cord, so that is an added bonus, and if you stream games like i do, you can use the psn is remote play (free) to stream through obs instead of using the kind of weird interface built into the ps4 is streaming setup.
ps4 pro is a very good upgrade.
i've been wanting a second one for a while.
all look great on the pro.
the ps4 pro is a awesome 4k enhanced gaming console.
the pro does load faster & the hdr gives you near 4k resolution.
currently, the ps4 pro is by far a superior "gaming" machine for the $ spent.
ok i've waited a while to buy a ps4, so i was happy to see the clarity and detail after setting the sony 850d configuration to match the hdr.
the ps4 pro is a premium console it is designed to do what no other console has previously done, which it excelled and reached that benchmark.
i play mostly sports games and i do see a difference.
yea, the hard drive was completely shot.
i sold my ps4 for this pro version because i already had a 4k tv.
ps4 pro is a great console.
the ps4 pro that i noticed it loads of games a lot faster.
i purchased the ps4 pro, a psvr, and to my surprise, the performance of the psvr was better on the ps4 pro.
netflix in ultra hd works fine and uncharted 4 with hdr looks amazing.
overall best gaming system i've owned.
the only thing holding this back from 5 stars is a uhd player which destroys the ability for it to be the center of the entertainment center.
bought my first ps4 on launch day, zero issues since, i heard about the ps4 pro when it got announced late last year.
i love the ps4 pro and all ps units prior.
so many good games, great user interface, this is everything i want in a home console
very noticeable improvements, vr runs seamless with higher frame rate.
i've had my ps3 since it came out.
i've been a sony console buyer since late 90 is.
best console i've played hands down.
upgraded my 2 year old ps4 to the pro and can say that it was worth the money.
ghost recon, horizon zero dawn, elder scrolls, and uncharted all use hdr is you want to see them in all their visual perfection.
i've had a ps4 for quite some time, and have longed for the new "ps4 pro" since it was first announced.
the ps4 pro does not disappoint.
i've always been an xbox fan but recently all my friends either switched to ps or stopped playing and playing by myself was way to boring so i decided to finally make the switch.
the new controller also feels more substantial than any previous gens.
i’ve had every previous console.
and movies in ultra hd lol ok real enough to touch like you were there
graphics look great and more detailed now.
this system is great for anyone that has a 4k tv with hdr capabilities.
best buy had it in less than an hour!
i had a ps4 and just upgraded to a ps4 pro and the difference is like night and day you can really tell the difference between the clarity and graphics with the 4k on the ps4 pro i definitely recommend to anyone that wants to really experience next generation gaming!!
the only thing i dont like is the design but i really dont care enough to dock a game console based on looks.
the reason only 4 stars is there arent enough games getting pro support.
i loved my ps4 pro, it is a very powerful console.
when the fan kicks in it gets very loud but that is to be expected.
full disclosure: i've been xbox since long ago.
got the ps4 pro mostly to play playstation exclusives that are not on the xbox one and have been extremely satisfied so far.
i loved the ps4 and the new ps4 pro was a given.
only thing is the fan is super loud!
i've been playing pc for a while i have not had a new console in a long time the ps4 is amazing the graphics are great it is very easy to use the price was cool there is a lot of new great games coming out this year very very happy with this purchase
extra space is nice.
i ca not play games as much as i would like but for the time i've been playing on it, i've been loving it.
i've been experiencing some washouts during game play, especially at the beginning of playing the game.
great system once again by sony.
only reason i gave it 4 stars is because of the need to purchase a larger drive especially with the size of the games today.
another reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is that these companies are still only giving you one controller with these systems.
i've never owned a playstation before this, so i have no apples to apples comparison.
the graphics are better than the previous playstation.
only problem i had was that trying to transfer data from my old ps4 to the pro i needed a lan cable and i do not have one.
it does not support hdr on all 4k tv is *mine being one of them*.
i've had many ps systems and this is definitely the best but i had a ps4 that worked perfectly fine before this one... while it was an upgrade i'm not sure if it was enough of an upgrade to warrant my spending 400+ dollars on... if you already have a ps4 it is probably not worth purchasing
the ps4 pro looks nice on the vizio m55-e0 4k w/ hdr but for an extra $150 you can get by without it..
the only problem i have with this model is the lack of 4k blu ray support.
it does support 4k and hdr, which is great for streaming services.
while the ps4 pro is good, the pre-existing ps4 owners should know that there is not really a need to upgrade to the pro.. i've have not seen enough improvement over to 2 systems .. to justifying a needed upgrade...unless of course ur in a position like myself.
i purchased the ps4 pro because of its 4k capabilities in addition to its greater vr capabilities.
the system works great and runs far quieter than the old ps3.
i play a game or two, use the vr and watch some channels that i subscribe to.
the only issue i have is the play station store, unable to add funds to the account.
the only thing that stops this from being excellent is the price relative to the base version.
wish i would've just got a xbox one with the money i spent (just under $300 with trade in ps4
ps4 pro is great easy set up hdr gaming makes a difference i would had given it 5 stars but no 4k drive like xbox one s other than that a swine product.
ps4 pro is an excellent upgrade over the original ps4.
the ps4 pro is a great system to have if you are looking for a large library of games, want to take full advantage of psvr, and want to maximize your games on a 4k tv.
the latest model is much quieter than launch model pro systems (i had one).
this ps4 pro is exactly what my son wanted and more.
the ps4 pro adds 4k streaming functionality so i bought it for the living room big screen.
the ps4 pro is a good upgrade from the regular ps4 but sony did make a mistake not puting a ultra hd blu-ray player in it like the xbox one s the reason i went with the pro and not the one s is because of the playstation only titles.and i have been happy with the way it performs it would have been a bonus if it had the ultra hd blu-ray player in the pro i think the reason why the one s is seals is doing pretty good is because of that ultra hd blu-ray
i upgraded my ps4 to the ps4 pro to be compatible with my samsung 4k hdr tv.
many people, including myself are experiencing flickering.
tv and ps4 pro were updated to the latest code.
remember 4k hdr tv need to get full effects.
hdr tv is are more expensive than normal 4k tv is.
extra storage is nice.
only thing i'll say is a plus for the p.s.
the only thing i could find on it in 4k is youtube.
this system is 2 times stronger than the original ps4, and makes a great deal if you do not have one.
i purchased the ps4 pro happiest choice i've made in a long time.
i got the ps4 pro one year ago and it has worked well but not worth the money versus the normal version.
i’ve been wanting to upgrade to the ps4 pro for a while now.
a great console, digital store, video player and entertainment device all in one.
the ps4 pro lives up to sony is high standards, but does not necessarily live up to the hype.
my 12 year old son saved up his money to buy this gaming system.
the only way it works consistently is when the ps4 pro is connected directly to the tv.
have your first experience be the best it can be!
i’ve been using sony since the ps1 and never have any complaints.
for the avid gamer that has your normal tv save the money and get the normal version .
the only thing i do not like so much is the part of the controller that sits in the palm, it is bigger and kind of slips around a little.
i've never had a playstation 4 prior to this purchase, but i've been so happy that i now have one.
the ps4 pro isnt so much for the casual gamer, but if you tend to play several hours a week, and want everything to look a little more refined and clear then this is worth the extra $100.
i bought the pro so that i could give my ps4 to my grandson.
i've had nothing but wonderful experiences while using my playstation 4 pro.
we bought the playstation 4 pro for the family.
the ps4 pro is an amazing system with some pretty good hardware inside.
the only reason why i did not give it five stars is because it is not really necessary to have depending on your current game console situation.
the ps4 pro runs just as perfectly as my previous ps4 ran.
it took a bit of getting used to the controls, but i’m really enjoying all this machine has to offer.
the ps4 pro offers 1tb of space and it also has enhanced graphics for some of the older games and the new games that are being released for the ps4.
this system is great and my sons love it.
best buy had the fastest shipping i have ever seen even though i did not pay for the fast shipping and i shop online for everything i buy
the extra space is so worth it!
i've had every playstation console all the way back to the original playstation.
only thing i wish it had was full 4k support not just 4k upscaling.
personally, i bought ps4 pro for future proof and if you are still deciding whether to buy slim or pro, i'd say go for pro as an investment because you will enjoy the extra features in the future.
ps4 pro runs smooth and quietly.
the extra space on the hard drive is a huge plus too
i bought my ps4 pro and lg 4k tic around the same time.
the ps4 pro is a solid choice if you care about ps at all.
the xbox one s does and i thought for sure the ps4 pro would.
i've read numerous reviews both before and after purchasing the ps4 pro, i must say that whether or not you own a 4k tv, there rare still advantages and benefits for purchasing one.
ps4 pro is more powerful then the prevues version, with a larger 1tb hard drive and support for both 4k and hdr video.
ps4 pro brought my 4k tv to life i now discover what 4k is and with 1 tb of memory plus exclusive content for ps4 ca not ask for anything else.
the new controller feels great.!!
i got this ps4 pro for my husband for christmas.
i've never been a ps fan my whole life.
the only reason we bought this console is because it is the only way our son could play mlb the show 17. this game is not offered on pc, xbox, wii u or other systems.
the playstation 4 pro is a powerful machine although lacking a 4k uhd drive for movie playback.
the screen flickers to snow for several milliseconds and then to black screen for several seconds.
i purchased the ps4 pro on sunday.
i use my ps4 pro almost everyday and i do not regret my purchase not one bit.
ps4 pro is the king of consoles.
so far i've had a great experience with the system.
